hvorfor varför
hende henne
tilbage tillbaka
aldrig aldrig
måske kanske
eller eller
kommer kommer
ingen ingen
efter efter
siger säger
noget något
ville skulle
kunne kunde
deres deras
været varit
troede trodde
meget mycket
paris paris
første första
skulle skulle
hjælp hjälp
mange många
stadig fortfarande
altid alltid
komme komma
helena helena
arthur arthur
gjorde gjorde
troja troja
peter peter
minutter minuter
siegfried siegfried
timer timmar
major major
gjort gjort
under under
nogen någon
undskyld ursäkta
sidste sista
marek marek
længe länge
jorden jorden
finde hitta
burde borde
bedre bättre
hjælpe hjälpa
kender känner
mener menar
hendes hennes
dronning drottning
bedste bästa
vidste visste
siden sedan
først först
venter väntar
meter meter
andre andra
ville ville
chris chris
behøver behöver
elsker älskar
denne denna
ordre order
noget inget
fanden helvete
våben vapen
samme samma
prins prins
morgen morgon
sikker säker
sekunder sekunder
forstår förstår
betyder betyder
anden annan
venner vänner
olham olham
kvinde kvinna
hammond hammond
håber hoppas
françois françois
achilleus akilles
redde rädda
prøver försöker
næsten nästan
næste nästa
kaptajn kapten
hjerte hjärta
elskede älskade
derfor därför
virkelig verkligen
verden världen
store stora
senere senare
robinson robinson
livet livet
gennem genom
dreng pojke
dette detta
lille liten
intet inget
herfra härifrån
allerede redan
talon talon
søster syster
løjtnant löjtnant
guderne gudarna
fandt hittade
ellers annars
undskyld förlåt
snart snart
rummet rymden
menelaos menelaus
lille lilla
langt långt
jones jones
hvilken vilken
familien familjen
connors connors
anden andra
willie willie
kvinder kvinnor
gunther gunther
doktor doktor
virker fungerar
spencer spencer
skete hände
sammen tillsammans
hedder heter
hørte hörde
hader hatar
fundet hittat
franks franks
blevet blivit
velkommen välkommen
skibet skeppet
skatten skatten
noget någonting
mennesker människor
målet målet
ligger ligger
keyes keyes
kalder kallar
finder hittar
dragen draken
blair blair
robot robot
ordrer order
hjemme hemma
herre herre
grant grant
gamle gamla
burgund burgund
billy billy
banks banks
synes tycker
sikkert säkert
planet planet
penge pengar
natalie natalie
millioner miljoner
lyder låter
hektor hector
fortælle berätta
claire claire
brunhild brunhild
william william
vente vänta
vejen vägen
undskyld ledsen
mellem mellan
meget väldigt
lizzie lizzie
kærlighed kärlek
jupiter jupiter
inden innan
herrer herrar
grader grader
fortæl berätta
forstået uppfattat
familie familj
dræbte dödade
weyland weyland
sparta sparta
riddere riddare
petercolt petercolt
landet landet
island isenland
hurtigt snabbt
holde hålla
hinanden varandra
højre höger
general general
forsigtig försiktig
forsøgte försökte
flyve flyga
datter dotter
andet annat
alene ensam
smith smith
skulle borde
sammen allihop
problem problem
problemer problem
nogle några
leder letar
indtil tills
grund grund
gammel gammal
flyver flyger
druer vindruvor
dræber dödar
disse dessa
bruge använda
aidrig aidrig
aften ikväll
advarsel varning
vinde vinna
tiden tiden
skynd skynda
præcis precis
noget ingenting
nogen nâgon
længere längre
husker minns
holder håller
døren dörren
danny danny
bliver stannar
bilen bilen
beskytte skydda
zaphod zaphod
universet universum
tænker tänker
taler talar
taler pratar
taggart taggart
svært svårt
svaret svaret
største största
soldater soldater
saxerne saxarna
roque roque
resten resten
oliver oliver
nogensinde någonsin
markør sändare
måneder månader
kongen kungen
konge höghet
klarede klarade
kalde kalla
henry henry
grækerne grekerna
fremtiden framtiden
faktisk faktiskt
fafnir fafnir
elske älska
dronningen drottningen
bradbury bradbury
betale betala
alpha alpha
vinder vinner
værre värre
trojanerne trojanerna
tredje tredje
tilgiv förlåt
sværd svärd
stille tystnad
sende skicka
professor professorn
lover lovar
kriemhild kriemhild
kraft kraft
klarer klarar
jerry jerry
ingen inget
humma humma
hovedet huvudet
hjertet hjärtat
gange gånger
frankrig frankrike
farvel ajöss
doktor doktorn
connor connor
chance chans
bruger använder
arnaut arnaut
arken arken
agent agent
aften kväll
valgte valde
trojaner trojan
tilbage tillbaks
stolt stolt
slottet slottet
sikkerhed säkerhet
signal signal
rumskib rymdskepp
roligt lugnt
planeten planeten
pigen flickan
perfekt perfekt
muren muren
mindre mindre
maniac maniac
levende levande
leder ledare
kunne skulle
klokken klockan
kirby kirby
kilrathierne kilrathierna
kampvogne stridsvagnar
intet ingenting
hagen hagen
gordon gordon
giselher giselher
fortsæt fortsätt
forældre föräldrar
flere flera
farvel farväl
fader fader
drikke dricka
desværre tyvärr
cavendish cavendish
castlegard castlegard
båden båten
arbejder jobbar
anderledes annorlunda
amblève amblève
agamemnon agamemnon
xanten xanten
ventet väntat
venstre vänster
vender återvänder
ungen ungen
tennis tennis
tænkte tänkte
stoppe stoppa
steder ingenstans
spion spion
spørgsmål frågor
skrev skrev
skibe skepp
shorty shorty
sektor sektor
sønner söner
reddede räddade
pyramiden pyramiden
professor professor
prinsen prinsen
prime prime
prøve försöka
præsentere presentera
point poäng
overleve överleva
overbetjent inspektörn
nærmer närmar
muligt möjligt
mistet förlorat
menneske människa
mcqueen mcqueen
maskinmesteren försteingenjören
ligesom precis
leona leona
lancelot lancelot
henter hämtar
helvede helvete
hænder händer
hallo hallå
højre högra
glemt glömt
glemme glömma
galaksen galaxen
fremtid framtid
forsigtig försiktigt
forbi förbi
floden floden
fjerde fjärde
dutch dutch
denne detta
brugte använde
broen bryggan
britannien britannien
blive stanna
bagbord babord
angel angel
alice alice
agenter agenter
ødelæg förstör
abberline abberline
wimbledon wimbledon
vilje vilja
viiie skuiie
verden värld
veninder vänner
veikommen väikommen
vandet vattnet
væggen väggen
tyskland tyskland
tyske tyska
tolwyn tolwyn
tænke tänka
styrke styrka
stort stort
sover sover
snakke prata
sidste förra
sendte skickade
prøvede försökte
position position
pilot pilot
partner partner
nanobotterne nanobotarna
mission uppdrag
luften luften
lovede lovade
london london
lever lever
levede levde
krigen kriget
klaret gjort
kernen kärnan
kendte kände
kavula kavula
kassandra kassandra
kørekort körkort
kaptajnen kapten
kameraet kameran
japan japan
interesseret intresserad
interessant intressant
inspektør kommissarie
ingenting ingenting
huske minns
herovre borta
hellige heliga
hånden handen
guide guide
gudinde gudinna
guder gudar
gerne gärna
fugle fåglar
frihed frihet
franskmændene fransmännen
fortæller berättar
forstået förstått
forsøger försöker
fleste flesta
fjenden fienden
fjende fiende
fører leder
føles känns
føler känner
enten antingen
englænderne engelsmännen
drenge pojkar
dræbt dödat
deter detär
dagen dagen
brænd bränn
berlin berlin
begynder börjar
æneas aeneas
aftes kväll
aften kväii
viser visar
vigtigt viktigt
umuligt omöjligt
tyskerne tyskarna
tjene tjäna
tjeneste tjänst
tillykke grattis
stoler litar
stedet istället
større större
snakker pratar
skyld skull
skræmme skrämma
skoven skogen
sidde sitta
sender skickar
sandheden sanningen
rosie rosie
romerne romarna
ringe ringa
rigtig riktigt
redder räddar
røvhul skitstövel
professoren professorn
procent procent
problemet problemet
porten dörrarna
plads plats
pilgrim pilgrim
penny penny
pelagos pelagos
patroklos patroclus
osato osato
omkring omkring
oktober oktober
odysseus odysseus
nelson nelson
natten natten
nægter vägrar
motorerne motorerna
minut minut
maskine maskin
marshall marshall
marion marion
mange mânga
ligner liknar
lavede gjorde
lande landa
kursen kursen
kunne kunna
kriger krigare
kommet kommit
kidney kidney
kaptajn chefen
kæmper slåss
johann johann
indiana indiana
igennem igenom
hjerne hjärna
henderson henderson
helikopteren helikoptern
handler handlar
halsen halsen
guldet guldet
gomez gomez
godnat godnatt
gjort gjorde
george george
göring göring
gamle gamle
fungerer fungerar
fremmed främmande
forklare förklara
foregår händer
foran framför
fisken fisken
fantastisk fantastiskt
følelser känslor
enkelt enkelt
endelig äntligen
efterlade lämna
edward edward
direkte direkt
diamanterne diamanterna
destroyer jagare
døden döden
conrad konrad
computer dator
bygge bygga
brændstof bränsle
belloq belloq
athene athena
arbejder arbetar
ønske önskar
angriber anfaller
andet andra
amerikanske amerikanska
øjeblik ögonblick
ødelægge förstöra
vende återvända
velkommen välkomna
vejret andas
undskyld förlât
udstyr utrustning
tilhører tillhör
tænkt tänkt
taloner taloner
taget taket
taget tagit
systemer system
syntes tyckte
sulten hungrig
styrbord styrbord
street street
stjerne stjärna
spence spence
spørgsmål frågan
spørgsmål fråga
spørgsmålet frågan
spørge fråga
skibene skeppen
skaber skapar
sidder sitter
shankara sankara
selvfølgelig givetvis
scott scott
sattler sattler
sårede sårade
romerske romerska
robotter robotar
robotten roboten
robert robert
river river
proteus proteus
priamos priam
politiet polisen
pligt plikt
piloter piloter
parken parken
palace pankot
overraskelse överraskning
overlever överlever
overbetjent inspektör
overalt överallt
oberst överste
nurhachi nurhachi
nummer rankad
nummer nummer
normalt normalt
noget nâgot
negativ negativt
naturligvis självklart
motoren motorn
morgen imorgon
mister förlorar
mindst minst
mindste åtminstone
militæret militären
merlin merlin
maskiner maskiner
markør sändaren
magrathea magrathea
magiske magiska
lignende liknande
lærte lärde
kvinderne kvinnorna
kramer kramer
kontrol kontroll
kommandoen kommandot
klare klara
kirurg kirurg
katherine katherine
karat karat
javel förstår
james james
jager jagar
idiot idiot
hverken varken
hopper hopper
historie historia
himlen himlen
herrar herrar
helst helst
heller heller
hektor hektor
hawkins hawkins
hathaway hathaway
harrigan harrigan
håbede hoppades
græsk grekisk
grænsen gränsen
glemte glömde
giftede gifte
gentager upprepar
gennem igenom
frank frank
fortsætte fortsätta
forstå förstå
forlade lämna
forbes forbes
flyet planet
findes finns
finder hitta
finalen finalen
filmen filmen
fanger fångar
følger följer
fødselsdag födelsedag
etage våningen
enheder enheter
endegyldige slutgiltiga
elskerdig älskardig
ekspert expert
drink drink
dragedræberen drakdödaren
doniger doniger
dinosaurer dinosaurier
deveraux deveraux
derhjemme hemma
delhi delhi
decker decker
damerog dameroch
damer damer
dækning katapult
daggry gryningen
bygningen byggnaden
burke burke
bueskytter bâgskyttar
bryder gillar
bruge behöver
brewster brewster
branden branden
bolden bollen
bliver kommer
biskop biskop
besked meddelande
beeblebrox beeblebrox
børnene barnen
ørkenen öknen
altså alltså
albert albert
ægteskab äktenskap
afrodite afrodite
admiral amiral
abner abner
