aldrig nunca
paris paris
ingen nadie
troja troya
helena helena
fordi porque
vores nuestro
minutter minutos
verden mundo
vores nuestra
aften noche
moonraker moonraker
professor profesor
timer horas
sikker seguro
prins príncipe
nogen alguien
altid siempre
james james
morgen mañana
achilleus aquiles
laver haciendo
penge dinero
indtil hasta
jorden tierra
venner amigos
efter después
hektor héctor
vores nuestros
piger niñas
george george
præsident presidente
menelaos menelao
laden laden
håber espero
franks franks
anakin anakin
olham olham
mester maestro
først primero
prime prime
meget mucho
houston houston
føreren führer
døren puerta
bedre mejor
sammen juntos
måneder meses
kvinde mujer
familie familia
evers evers
kunne podría
elizabeth elizabeth
øjeblik momento
vidste sabía
sekunder segundos
rytteren jinete
peter peter
mennesker gente
måske quizás
hurtigt rápido
troede pensé
millioner millones
kommer viene
hjerte corazón
fodbolden football
finde encontrar
første primera
chance oportunidad
afghanistan afganistán
spencer spencer
matrixen matriz
lille pequeño
keyes keyes
kaptajn comandante
kansleren canciller
guderne dioses
grimlock grimlock
burnett burnett
bange miedo
undskyld siento
september septiembre
regering gobierno
nummer número
nøglen llave
megatron megatron
kvinder mujeres
kræfter poderes
grækerne griegos
familien familia
bedste mejor
arthur arturo
unicron unicron
stadig todavía
sparta esparta
snart pronto
senator senador
selvfølgelig supuesto
mellem entre
magnus magnus
kender conozco
herre señor
højre derecha
gallagher gallagher
forstår entiendo
farvel adiós
fanden diablos
alpha alpha
admiral almirante
ultra ultra
sidste última
russerne rusos
problem problema
mindste menos
jonathan jonathan
gentager repito
decepticons decepticons
bygningen edificio
bobbel burbuja
børnene niños
arbejde trabajo
sidste último
samme mismo
riddere caballeros
problemer problemas
masbath masbath
mange muchas
længe tiempo
jupiter júpiter
jason jason
interessant interesante
hjælpe ayudar
heste caballos
herrer caballeros
force force
fører führer
døden muerte
besked mensaje
andre otros
whiskey whiskey
venstre izquierda
soldater soldados
slottet palacio
søster hermana
resten resto
piger chicas
muligt posible
meter metros
katrina katrina
hjælp ayuda
frihed libertad
eneste única
disse estos
biler autos
begge ambos
velkommen bienvenido
underskrevet firmada
trojaner troyano
tiden tiempo
siden desde
senere tarde
senatet senado
saxerne sajones
redde salvar
prinsen príncipe
priamos príamo
præsidenten presidente
overbetjent lnspector
nogen nadie
mistet perdido
måske quizá
mange cuántos
langt lejos
information información
hvide blanca
hattal hattal
goodhead goodhead
godmorgen buenos
general general
danny danny
cross cross
chris chris
burde debería
bowman bowman
berlin berlin
amerika américa
agent agente
agamemnon agamenón
venter esperando
været estado
texas texas
stormen tormenta
soiitaire soiitaire
qaeda qaeda
pilot piloto
nogle algunos
mexico méxico
mennesker personas
medlemmer miembros
mange muchos
major mayor
leder líder
løjtnant teniente
kraften fuerza
kender conoces
hænder manos
grader grados
gjort hecho
garrett garrett
frank frank
florida florida
fjende enemigo
feiix feiix
dronningen reina
blomst bombón
autobot autobot
abberline abberline
virker funciona
undskyld discúlpeme
templet templo
svaret respuesta
sværd espada
slave esclava
skulle debería
sikkerhed salvo
siger dicen
minus menos
michael michael
megan megan
mcqueen mcqueen
kenobi kenobi
kender conoce
kananga kananga
japan japón
inspektør teniente
hoved cabeza
hopkins hopkins
hitler hitler
henderson henderson
helvede demonios
gracey gracey
gerne quisiera
garretts garrett
gange veces
forstået entendido
forsigtig cuidado
flyve volar
fjols tonto
fisher fisher
første primer
fanden demonios
dræbe matar
daniel daniel
bellis bellota
bekræftet confirmado
aurora aurora
angreb ataque
æneas eneas
willie willie
vejen camino
vader vader
tilbage atrás
soldat soldado
snakke hablar
skæbne destino
sektion sección
sandt cierto
rummet espacio
ramsley ramsley
radioen radio
rådet consejo
patroklos patroclo
optimus optimus
navne nombres
næste próximo
mener decir
meget importa
målet blanco
liget cuerpo
krigen guerra
komme venir
kirurg cirujano
kelly kelly
kaptajn capitán
hvornår cuándo
hvorfor porqué
helvede infierno
havde tenía
gruppen carlyle
grant grant
galvatron galvatron
fleste mayoría
engang siquiera
eneste único
dronning reina
chantilas chantilas
beklager siento
bauer bauer
banden nichol
bandar bandar
athene atenea
ønsker quiere
alice alice
william william
washington washington
vente esperar
veninder amigas
våben armas
uskyldig inocente
undskyld perdone
undskyld disculpe
udenfor afuera
trojanere troyanos
trække respirar
tilgiv perdóname
tilbage regresen
teori teoría
taler hablando
synes parece
stole confiar
stackhouse stackhouse
spørgsmål preguntas
spøgelser fantasmas
skibet barco
situationen situación
senere después
saudi arabia
rumfærge transbordador
ridley ridley
pligt deber
planet planeta
planer planes
pettengill pettengil
person persona
pelagos pelagos
overfladen superficie
osato osato
odysseus ulises
monster monstruo
mistet perdimos
mission misión
medlem miembro
ligeglad importa
lærling aprendiz
ladens laden
kidney kidney
kassandra casandra
hurtigere rápido
hovedet cabeza
hollow hollow
herrer cabaiieros
havde había
gudinde diosa
gruppe grupo
gamle viejo
fremtiden futuro
enken viuda
enheder unidades
edward edward
dollars dólares
cybertron cybertron
crook crook
crane crane
cosmos cosmos
britannien britania
bosnien bosnia
betjent policía
banen pista
autobotter autobots
arbejde trabajar
arabien saudita
annie annie
algerne algas
albert albert
xander xander
wenck wenck
virkelig realmente
ville quería
vilje voluntad
veikommen bienvenido
undskyld lamento
trojanerne troyanos
townsville saltadilla
tiger tigre
terrorister terroristas
tappahannock tappahannock
tanaka tanaka
svarer responde
spike spike
skulle deberíamos
skoven bosque
skibene barcos
skete sucedió
sjovt gracioso
sikker segura
selvfølgelig claro
sattler sattler
sandheden verdad
samme misma
romerne romanos
rigtigt verdad
respekt respeto
reigart reigart
position posición
osama osama
ordre orden
nelson nelson
næste siguiente
musik música
morderen asesino
moneypenny moneypenny
mindst menos
marwan marwan
manden hombre
lykke suerte
leder buscando
laver haces
kontrol control
kontor oficina
kontakt contacto
kendt conocido
karat quiiates
ingen ningún
inden antes
huske acuerdas
himmler himmler
herrer señores
heller tampoco
hedder nombre
hathaway hathaway
hardenbrook hardenbrook
gudskelov gracias
gammel viejo
fresno fresno
firma compañía
edderkoppen araña
edderkop araña
doiiars dóiares
diamanterne diamantes
diamanter diamantes
derefter después
californien california
burchenal burchenal
briseis briseida
biskop obispo
biblioteket biblioteca
beslutning decisión
baltus baltus
angribe atacar
angel angel
alger algas
øjeblik segundo
afrodite afrodita
