waarom miksi
bedankt kiitos
omdat koska
terug takaisin
niets mitään
sorry anteeksi
wacht odota
spijt pahoillani
nooit koskaan
alles kaikki
hebben meillä
niemand kukaan
gelijk oikeassa
moeten meidän
gebeurd tapahtui
mevrouw rouva
dacht luulin
binnen sisään
zoals kuten
weten tietää
luister kuuntele
helpen auttaa
zeggen sanoa
klaar valmis
gezien nähnyt
zonder ilman
vandaag tänään
meneer herra
iedereen kaikki
wanneer milloin
eerst ensin
zeker varma
morgen huomenna
praten puhua
nooit ikinä
alleen yksin
spijt anteeksi
mitch mitch
freddie freddie
heren herrat
trouwen naimisiin
vertel kerro
jongen poika
daarom siksi
alles kaiken
welkom tervetuloa
vertellen kertoa
vader isäsi
dagen päivää
dacht ajattelin
kunnen voimme
waarom mikset
reuben reuben
minuten minuuttia
gedaan tehnyt
eddie eddie
bedoel tarkoitat
vader isäni
heeft hänellä
mensen ihmiset
hallo haloo
beter parempi
polly polly
bedoel tarkoitan
meisje tyttö
later myöhemmin
james james
geloven uskoa
enige ainoa
eerste ensimmäinen
allemaal kaikki
vrouw nainen
meter metriä
kinderen lapset
dollar dollaria
bijna melkein
vriend ystäväni
vrienden ystäviä
waarom miksei
volgende seuraava
vrouw vaimoni
hoeft tarvitse
wilde halusin
schat kulta
samen yhdessä
probleem ongelma
peter peter
gebeurd tapahtunut
alfie alfie
vermoorden tappaa
probeer yritän
pardon anteeksi
niemand ketään
kapitein kapteeni
genoeg riittää
gebeurt tapahtuu
excuseer anteeksi
vragen kysyä
maanden kuukautta
jullie olette
hoeveel paljonko
geleden sitten
frank frank
doyle doyle
wacht odottakaa
moeder äitisi
george george
alexander aleksanteri
sarah sarah
rustig rauhoitu
nodig tarvitsen
liefde rakkaus
koffie kahvia
jongens pojat
beste paras
wacht hetkinen
sorry pahoillani
mensen ihmisiä
wachten odottaa
thomas thomas
selby selby
rustig rauhallisesti
laatste viimeinen
jezus jeesus
gipson gipson
genoeg tarpeeksi
alsjeblieft kiltti
thuis kotona
terry terry
robinson robinson
professor professori
natuurlijk tietenkin
karen karen
hallo terve
gisteren eilen
getrouwd naimisissa
generaal kenraali
begrijp ymmärrän
weten tiedämme
vraag kysymys
politie poliisi
nodig tarvitset
moeilijk vaikeaa
kinderen lapsia
hoorde kuulin
gehoord kuullut
bobby bobby
belangrijk tärkeää
batman batman
zodat jotta
wayne wayne
vriend ystävä
nummer numero
meester mestari
edelachtbare tuomari
waren olivat
vergeet unohda
verdomme hitto
verdomme helvetti
ontmoeten tavata
natuurlijk tietysti
miller miller
lennie lennie
horen kuulla
giles giles
gavin gavin
beloof lupaan
bellen soittaa
arthur arthur
alsjeblieft pyydän
weken viikkoa
water vettä
waarheid totuus
voorzichtig varovainen
problemen ongelmia
praten jutella
michel michel
kwalijk anteeksi
geloven uskomatonta
doden tappaa
dames hyvät
zwart musta
ziens nähdään
voelt tuntuu
vertrouwen luottaa
prince prince
politie poliisit
phuong phuong
nodig tarvitse
nicholas nicholas
natuurlijk tietenkään
moeder äitini
david david
dankje kiitos
bruce bruce
begrijp ymmärrä
bedankt kiitti
allie allie
vreemd outoa
voordat ennen
vertelde kertoi
veilig turvassa
spreken puhua
sleutels avaimet
probeerde yritti
perfect täydellistä
links vasemmalle
jawel kyllä
goedenavond iltaa
goedemorgen huomenta
gelukkig onnellinen
chase chase
blijven jäädä
betekent tarkoittaa
archie archie
williams williams
wilde halunnut
waren olimme
wanda wanda
vrouwen naiset
verhaal tarina
terug palaan
steve steve
showtime showtime
precies aivan
muziek musiikkia
moeten pitäisi
mills mills
klinkt kuulostaa
hoezo miten
handen kädet
geloof uskon
dochter tyttäreni
denkt luulet
christina christina
broer veljeni
bloed verta
bedankt kiitoksia
abracadabra abracadabra
zoveel paljon
weten tiedä
verkeerd väärin
vanavond tänään
terug palata
succes onnea
stierf kuoli
señor señor
redden pelastaa
rechts oikealle
preston preston
prachtig kaunis
niets mikään
negen yhdeksän
munson munson
miljoen miljoonaa
martin martin
mannen miehet
luister kuunnelkaa
leven elämäni
laten mennään
koning kuningas
honger nälkä
hoggle hoggle
hierheen tänne
geweldig hienoa
dingen asioita
cyrus cyrus
costa costa
charlie charlie
binnen sisälle
begrepen selvä
andere toinen
zorgen huoli
zeven seitsemän
zeker varmasti
willie willie
waarheen minne
vriend ystäväsi
victor victor
thurgood thurgood
thuis kotiin
terug palannut
samson samson
morgan morgan
momentje hetki
mogelijk mahdollista
meter metriin
luister kuule
leven elämä
komen tulla
hoeveel montako
hoeveel monta
grote suuri
graden astetta
gordijnen verhot
geven antaa
flynn flynn
begrijp ymmärrätkö
wordt tulee
wereld maailman
voorzichtig varovasti
verteld kertonut
stoppen lopettaa
sterven kuolla
stella stella
simon simon
rabbit rabbit
programma ohjelma
precies juuri
opnieuw alusta
moeten täytyy
meisje tyttöä
makkelijk helppoa
klootzak kusipää
khaled khaled
kandidaat sulho
henry henry
helft puolet
grappig hauskaa
geweest ollut
fowler fowler
denise denise
billy billy
willen haluavat
willen haluamme
weten tietävät
wereld maailma
welles welles
vertel kertokaa
vargas vargas
upham upham
sterk vahva
stanley stanley
spence spence
schipper pursimies
probeerde yritin
plezier hauskaa
morpheus morpheus
minuten minuutin
liefde rakkautta
kleine pikku
kijken katsotaan
kijken katsoa
kenny kenny
kathy kathy
jongens kaverit
iemand ketään
iemand jonkun
goeiemorgen huomenta
godzijdank luojan
gedaan tehneet
francis francis
feffer feffer
dunne dunne
drinken juotavaa
dansen tanssia
belangrijk tärkeä
anders muuten
zeiden sanoivat
winnen voittaa
wentz wentz
wakker hereillä
vrouw vaimosi
vrouw vaimo
vraag pyydän
vinden löytää
verliefd rakastunut
vergeten unohtanut
tuttle tuttle
tommy tommy
stille silent
soldaat sotamies
sneller nopeammin
sherman sherman
seconden sekuntia
scott scott
schrijf kirjoita
schiet vauhtia
schieten ampua
sandy sandy
richard richard
reiben reiben
ontslagen potkut
nygma nygma
misschien ehkäpä
marsellus marsellus
manuel manuel
madam rouva
machine machine
luther luther
lisbon lisbon
kunnen voimmeko
jullie teitä
journalist toimittaja
jackson jackson
horloge kellon
hoezo miksi
hirsch hirsch
herinner muistatko
hadden meillä
grappig hauska
ginseng ginseng
gefeliciteerd olkoon
gebeurde tapahtui
familie perhe
eerlijk reilua
edward edward
dokter tohtori
daarna sitten
communisten kommunistit
christian christian
carter carter
bruiloft häihin
beter paremmin
beetje vähän
anders muuta
ambrosius ambrosius
alles kaikesta
allebei molemmat
zitten istumaan
zitten istukaa
zeggen sanottavaa
woods woods
weyland weyland
waard arvoista
veronica veronica
verdomme vittu
vaillant vaillant
tyler tyler
trots ylpeä
trigger trigger
taylor taylor
sommige jotkut
sleutel avain
slapen nukkua
school koulussa
prima hyvin
parijs pariisiin
muziek musiikki
mountain mountain
moment hetki
moeilijk vaikea
lydia lydia
lonnegan lonnegan
londen lontooseen
levend elävänä
leland leland
laten näyttää
lafaard pelkuri
klootzak paskiainen
kiezen valita
jullie teillä
jeannie jeannie
iedereen kaikille
houdt rakastaa
hopelijk toivottavasti
hooker hooker
herinner muistan
helpen auttamaan
hefestión hefaistion
harvey harvey
hallo päivää
graag kestä
gisteravond eilen
gevonden löysin
finch finch
engels englantia
draai käänny
derde kolmas
danny danny
constantine constantine
boven yläkertaan
beter parasta
beneden alakerrassa
behalve paitsi
beetje hieman
becker becker
banek banek
ander toinen
agustin agustin
agent poliisi
adres osoite
zoiets tuollaista
ziens näkemiin
ziekenhuis sairaalaan
zeggen kertoa
werkt toimii
weekend viikonloppuna
wakker herätys
wacht odotas
wachten odotamme
vrouw naisen
vrienden ystävät
vragen kysymyksiä
vooruit eteenpäin
vision vision
vincent vincent
vertrouw luota
vertel kerron
veranderd muuttunut
tweede toinen
toilet vessassa
tenminste ainakin
straks myöhemmin
steven steven
schuldig velkaa
schatje kulta
respect kunnioitusta
reden syytä
probleem ongelmia
perfect täydellinen
ouders vanhempani
ontmoet tavannut
nieuws uutta
nieuws uutisia
nicola nicola
moord murha
merrin merrin
merrill merrill
meestal yleensä
mcciane mcciane
maxie maxie
massey massey
marylin marolyn
martha martha
mannen miehiä
mackelway mackelway
macht valtaa
lieverd kultaseni
lieverd kulta
lekker hyvää
legende legenda
laten jättää
langzaam hitaasti
kusenov kusenov
kunnen eivät
kijken katsomaan
kaplan kaplan
kamer huoneessa
jullie teidän
jongen pojan
johnny johnny
henri henri
hebben heillä
harry harry
groeten terveisiä
grady grady
goedemiddag päivää
gezegd sanoin
gevaarlijk vaarallista
getrouwd naimisiin
george georgen
geluk onnea
geesten aaveita
gawain gawain
freddie freddien
fransen ranskalaiset
ergens jossain
eraan tulossa
elkaar yhdessä
eigenlijk asiassa
echte oikea
doris doris
dolly dolly
dollar taalaa
dokter lääkäri
devereaux devereaux
denkt luulee
delia delia
champagne samppanjaa
brandi brandi
bingo bingo
betaal maksan
beneden alhaalla
beginnen aloitetaan
begbie begbie
bedanken kiittää
asher asher
antwoord vastauksen
antonio antonio
anderson anderson
alles miten
agent konstaapeli
zwanger raskaana
zorgen huolehdi
zeilboot purjevene
winnaar voittaja
wilde halusi
wakker herää
waarom miten
waarom miksen
waarheid totuuden
vriendin ystäväni
vriendin tyttöystävä
voorstellen kuvitella
volmacht vallan
vogel lintu
verrassing yllätys
vermoord tapan
vergeten unohtaa
verdomme paska
verdomme helvettiä
verdien ansaitse
vandaan kotoisin
vanavond iltana
tyler kapteeniluutnantti
tunney tunney
totdat kunnes
tookie tookie
stuur lähetä
strutt strutt
sorry valitan
sommigen jotkut
smith smith
serieus vakavasti
schuldig syyllinen
schoenen kengät
schiet ammun
schelen välitä
schat rakas
rifkin rifkin
rennen juoskaa
rennen juokse
reese reese
proost kippis
praat puhun
parijs pariisi
overlevenden eloonjääneitä
ouders vanhempasi
ongelooflijk uskomatonta
nagedacht miettinyt
naartoe menossa
morris morris
morgen huomenta
montini montini
mellish mellish
marisa marisa
maakt väliä
liefje kulta
lezen lukea
leven elämän
leugenaar valehtelija
larry larry
kunnen emmekö
klopt aivan
klaar valmista
klaar valmiina
kijken katson
kevin kevin
karen karenin
kamer huone
julie julie
juist oikein
jezelf itsesi
illeana illeana
idioot idiootti
howard howard
houden rakastaa
helaas valitettavasti
halen hakemaan
gondorff gondorff
gezegd sanonut
geweldig mahtavaa
gevaarlijk vaarallinen
geschiedenis historiaa
geloof uskotko
geleden aikaa
gekocht ostin
geeft mitään
gebruiker käyttäjäni
foster foster
feestje juhlat
ergens jonnekin
elijah elijah
eindelijk vihdoin
document asiakirjani
detective etsivä
dankjewel kiitos
collins collins
carlos carlos
camera kamera
calhoun calhoun
butts butts
buiten ulkona
brian brian
brewers brewersit
breng viekää
boodschap viesti
boksen boxing
blijf pysykää
blake blake
biertje oluen
beurt vuorosi
begrijpt ymmärtää
begonnen alkanut
antwoord vastaus
anders erilaista
alstublieft pyydän
zover valmis
zoeken etsimme
zeggen sanotaan
wilden halusimme
wilde halusit
whisky viskiä
werkt toimi
wendy wendy
wallace wallace
wacht odottaa
waard arvoinen
vroeg pyysi
vrijdag perjantai
vraag pyydä
vermoord tappanut
vermoordde tappoi
verloofd kihloissa
vergeven anteeksi
vergeten unohdin
veren höyheniä
vanmorgen aamulla
vanavond illalla
valerie valerie
uitleggen selittää
trein junassa
topaas topaz
tiger tiger
terug palasi
susan susan
straat kadulla
stifler stiflerin
sterft kuolee
spelen pelata
smeris kyttä
slaan lyödä
sigaretten tupakkaa
sheriff seriffi
schreef kirjoitti
schoonheid kaunotar
schiet kiirettä
schat kultaseni
scarface arpinaama
renee renee
raymond raymond
publiek yleisö
president presidentti
politie poliisille
polidori poiidori
pickles pickles
pennebaker pennebaker
parra parra
parijs pariisissa
palmer palmer
paard hevonen
ontbijt aamiaista
onmogelijk mahdotonta
ongeveer suunnilleen
nummer ykkönen
nijlpaard virtahepo
nieuwe uuden
nathaniel nathaniel
muren seinät
morfine morfiinia
mookie mookie
moeten pitää
moest pakko
miles miles
midden keskellä
meridian meridian
meiden tytöt
meesten useimmat
mcgovern mcgovern
mathews mathews
massimo massimo
marlon marlon
mannen miestä
manier keino
makkelijk helppo
luisteren kuunnella
lopen liikettä
links vasemmalta
lieverd rakas
liefde rakkaudesta
leven elämässä
leven elämääni
kwaad vihainen
kramer kramer
klopt totta
killer tappaja
kennis tavata
kantoor toimistossa
jullie teidät
jezus jessus
jessica jessica
jarre jarré
jaren vuosia
isabel isabel
hoorde kuulitko
hoezo tarkoitat
hield rakastin
hemel taivaaseen
haaienvoer tärppi
group group
groot suuri
grapje vitsailin
giles gilesin
gezelschap seuraa
gewonnen voitimme
gewond loukkaantunut
gevangenis vankilaan
geluk onnekas
gehoord kuulin
gates gates
garth garth
freddy freddy
fransman ranskalainen
françois francois
familie perheeni
excuses pyytää
ermee menee
engel enkeli
eindelijk vihdoinkin
eenzaam yksinäinen
djinn djinn
dingen asiat
dennis dennis
davis davis
darius dareios
daarna jälkeen
commandant kapteeni
cocaïne kokaiinia
coach valmentaja
cirkel ympyrä
chris chris
chariey chariey
chang chang
captain kapteeni
caparzo caparzo
butch butch
bruid morsian
brodie brodie
brief kirje
blijven pysyä
blijf jäädä
beste parasta
benjamin benjamin
beloof lupaa
belde soitti
begrepen ymmärrätkö
begin alkuun
bedoelde tarkoittanut
aribau aribau
annie annie
amerikanen amerikkalaiset
agent kyttä
afspraak sopimus
advocaat lakimies
advocaat asianajaja
absoluut ehdottomasti
aangenaam hauska
