waarom miért
terug vissza
misschien talán
spijt sajnálom
niemand senki
iemand valaki
alles minden
iedereen mindenki
bedankt köszönöm
hallo hello
natuurlijk persze
altijd mindig
dacht hittem
gebeurd történt
zeker biztos
sorry sajnálom
wanneer mikor
niets semmit
niets semmi
alleen egyedül
nooit sosem
mensen emberek
morgen holnap
luister figyelj
andere másik
daarom ezért
heren uraim
beste legjobb
steeds mindig
stuart stuart
kelly kelly
alles mindent
enige egyetlen
dacht gondoltam
wilde akartam
misschien lehet
gezien láttam
michael michael
laatste utolsó
alsof mintha
tyler tyler
alsjeblieft kérlek
grappig vicces
george george
wereld világ
begrijp értem
bedoel értem
vriend barátom
miljoen millió
dames hölgyeim
blijf maradj
mevrouw asszonyom
volgende következõ
vrouw feleségem
rabbit rabbit
beetje kicsit
weten tudni
juwanna juwanna
tweede második
seconden másodperc
praten beszélni
jezus jézus
eerst elõször
tommy tommy
thuis otthon
monroe monroe
moeder anyád
dochter lányom
robinson robinson
later késõbb
bijna majdnem
zoals ahogy
sorry elnézést
beter jobban
zonder nélkül
vertel mondd
reuben reuben
iceman iceman
helpen segíteni
gelijk igaza
gehoord hallottam
komaan gyerünk
gebeurt történik
zeggen mondani
voordat mielõtt
klaar készen
harry harry
luitenant hadnagy
laten menjünk
belangrijk fontos
bedoel érted
zwarte fekete
wallace wallace
sonny sonny
rustig nyugi
politie rendõrség
nodig szükségem
gelukkig boldog
slecht rossz
precies pontosan
betekent jelent
william william
trots büszke
moeilijk nehéz
maggie maggie
goedemorgen reggelt
alstublieft kérem
verdomme francba
meester mester
johnny johnny
geloof hiszem
derde harmadik
wacht várjon
slapen aludni
gelijk igazad
frank frank
nodig szüksége
mitch mitch
koning király
kapitein parancsnok
jamal jamal
hoeveel mennyi
echte igazi
zeker benne
koffie kávét
horen hallani
hoorde hallottam
geloven hiszem
edward edward
antwone antwone
kampioen bajnok
julia júlia
gezegd mondtam
schat drágám
natuurlijk természetesen
moeten mennünk
kinderen gyerekek
ergens valahol
dingen dolgok
chris chris
tuurlijk persze
samen együtt
regel szabály
nathan nathan
hannah hannah
gefeliciteerd gratulálok
gebeurde történt
bruno bruno
bobby bobby
wereld világot
sorry bocsánat
professor professzor
perfect tökéletes
moordenaar gyilkos
moeder anyám
klootzak seggfej
jones jones
jimmy jimmy
jezus jézusom
iemand valakit
geleden ezelõtt
zweer esküszöm
water vizet
waren voltak
vrouw felesége
vincent vincent
veilig biztonságban
sergeant õrmester
probleem probléma
polly polly
oorlog háború
onmogelijk lehetetlen
niemand senkit
hallo helló
hallo halló
gevaarlijk veszélyes
eigen saját
carmen carmen
bedankt köszi
weten tudjuk
weten tudják
werkt mûködik
waarheid igazat
prachtig gyönyörû
politie zsaruk
pardon elnézést
mensen embereket
leven életem
geweldig nagyszerû
emily emily
elisabeth elisabeth
carlos carlos
zwanger terhes
vergeet felejtsd
richie richie
rhyme rhyme
martin martin
martha martha
liefde szerelem
jackson jackson
helen helen
goldie goldie
erger rosszabb
chuck chuck
archie archie
ziens viszlát
ziekenhuis kórházba
vriend barátja
voorzichtig óvatosan
verdomme fenébe
terug visszajövök
taylor taylor
rachel rachel
nodig szükséged
moeder anyja
gordon gordon
gisteren tegnap
dollar dollár
denkt hiszi
dallas dallas
dagen napja
vrienden barátok
vertellen mondanom
sterven meghalni
oliver oliver
maverick maverick
larry larry
helpen segíthetek
excuseer elnézést
conrad conrad
claire claire
caitlin caitlin
bedankt köszönjük
welke milyen
welke melyik
wacht várjatok
vriendin barátnõm
vriend barátod
vooruit gyerünk
richard richard
peter peter
kapitein kapitány
geloof hiszek
eindelijk végre
dokter orvos
chili chili
broer bátyám
amelia amelia
waarheid igazság
verhaal történet
vader atyám
spijt haragudj
sorry bocsi
prima rendben
michelle michelle
meeste legtöbb
marsellus marsellus
komen jönnek
klein klein
junior junior
interessant érdekes
iedereen mindenkinek
holden holden
gezien látta
dochter lánya
denkt hiszed
charlie charlie
bridget bridget
bellen hívni
behalve kivéve
alsjeblieft kérem
allemaal mindannyian
zeggen mondják
wacht várjunk
waarom minek
succes szerencsét
selena selena
president elnök
nodig szükségünk
marla marla
margalo margalo
leven életet
leven életben
korben korben
jongens srácok
jessie jessie
hallo hallo
goedenavond estét
generaal tábornok
geloven elhinni
gedaan csináltam
elias elias
draai fordulj
dankje köszönöm
bloom bloom
anders különben
alexander alexandrosz
zeker persze
willen akarnak
vroeg korán
vermoorden megölni
spijt elnézést
shrek shrek
sandy sandy
probeer próbáld
prinses hercegnô
ouders szüleim
negen kilenc
moose moose
mills mills
mevrouw hölgyem
maria mária
majoor õrnagy
maakt számít
luister hallgass
little little
kolonel ezredes
klein kicsi
kevin kevin
julia julia
isabel isabel
inman inman
gerti gerti
familie család
engel angyal
betekent jelenti
begrijp érted
barnes barnes
aardig kedves
wanda wanda
vrienden barátaim
verrassing meglepetés
vergeten elfelejtettem
slaapt alszik
simpel egyszerû
schiet siess
schat kicsim
omdat mivel
nacht éjszaka
munson munson
moest kellett
links balra
kleine kicsi
julie julie
jonathan jonathan
jeffrey jeffrey
jefferson jefferson
hoezo miért
grootste legnagyobb
goeiemorgen reggelt
english english
cassius cassius
bewijs bizonyíték
belachelijk nevetséges
azumi azumi
alyssa alyssa
zwart fekete
wakker ébredj
vrouw feleséged
vraag kérdezd
vraag kérdés
terug jövök
tenzij hacsak
telefoon telefont
soldaat katona
slapen aludj
schiet gyerünk
rustig nyugalom
politie rendõrséget
penny penny
normaal normális
nadat miután
mensen ember
madam asszonyom
luister figyeljen
licht fényben
hubert hubert
hoeveel mennyit
gundars gundars
graag szívesen
gedaan tettem
ellen ellen
elkaar egymást
david david
christus krisztus
cedric cedric
antwoord válasz
zondag vasárnap
wilde akart
welterusten éjszakát
walsh walsh
victor victor
snowbell snowbell
rustig nyugodj
robert robert
praat beszélj
politie zsarukat
ontmoet találkoztunk
niemand senkinek
neger nigger
muziek zenét
muhammad mohamed
mountain hegyi
missen hiányozni
meisje lányt
makkelijk könnyû
leven életed
klinkt hangzik
kamer szobában
jerry jerry
jeffries jeffries
gezien láttad
gewoon egyszerûen
gehoord hallottad
gebeurt történt
djamel djamel
dansen táncolni
christina christina
blijf maradjon
beloof ígérem
begrijp megértem
zeggen mondjak
winston winston
volwassen felnõtt
verliefd szerelmes
thuis itthon
thelma thelma
slechte rossz
samantha samantha
rechts jobbra
ratten patkányok
praten beszélgetni
praat beszélek
ongeluk baleset
onder alatt
nieuws hírem
nerveus ideges
nancy nancy
nacht éjjel
meisje kislány
lijkt tûnik
lieverd drágám
laszlo laszlo
langzaam lassan
jullie vagytok
hetzelfde ugyanaz
hector hector
geweest voltál
gebeurt folyik
fisher fisher
eenzaam magányos
cowboy cowboy
clare clare
candyman candyman
bruce bruce
bishop bishop
banky banky
alsjeblieft tessék
alice alice
zeiden mondták
wilde akarta
werken dolgozni
wereld világon
welkom üdvözlöm
vriend barát
vreemd furcsa
voelde éreztem
verteld mondta
transmooker transmooker
terug visszajött
telefoon telefon
stomme hülye
sprak beszélt
serieus komolyan
scott scott
schuld hibám
school iskolába
schat édesem
praat beszélsz
penis farkad
mijne enyém
mannen férfiak
lorne lorne
julian julian
jersey jersey
jericho jericho
isabel isabell
gordijnen függönyöket
gedaan csináltál
gedaan csináltad
franse francia
donnagon donnagon
dollar dollárt
denken hiszik
dacht hitted
brief levelet
blijf maradok
billy billy
arthur arthur
amerika amerikában
alstublieft kérlek
agent zsaru
advocaat ügyvéd
woorden szavakat
wakker ébren
vriend haver
vragen kérdezhetek
voorzichtig óvatos
volgende legközelebb
vijand ellenség
vergeef bocsáss
stille csendes
spreken beszélni
spijt bocsánat
sinds mióta
schelen érdekel
schatje kicsim
raymond raymond
prince prince
parijs párizsban
nummer számot
nicole nicole
natuurlijk dehogynem
moeder anyját
malcolm malcolm
maanden hónap
lafaard gyáva
koufax koufax
komaan gyere
kamer szoba
judas júdás
jongetje kisfiúért
jacob jacob
herinner emlékszem
herinner emlékszel
henry henry
hebben szükségünk
geloven hihetetlen
geheime titkos
geest lélek
gedaan tette
gedaan csinálta
feffer feffer
familie családom
eenvoudig egyszerû
eddie eddie
durden durden
donny donny
danny danny
broer öcsém
bridger bridger
bewitched földreszállt
beloof megígérem
begrepen világos
allebei mindketten
alexander sándor
zonder nélküled
zitten üljön
zeker biztosan
weten tudnom
welkom hozta
waingro waingro
waarover mirõl
voelt érzés
verschil különbség
verhaal történetet
vargas vargas
tenminste legalább
spelen játszani
simon simon
showtime showtime
sauvage savage
sachs sachs
potter potter
ouders szüleid
morgen reggelt
morgen reggel
messias messiás
maanden hónapja
maakt érdekel
louis louis
liston liston
lieverd kicsim
leven élete
leeft életben
kunnen lehet
koningin királynõ
knoxville knoxville
kijken lássuk
jezus jesszusom
iemand valakinek
idioot idióta
houdt szereti
hemel mennyben
helemaal egyáltalán
helaas sajnos
hartaanval szívrohama
handen kezeket
hairy hajas
gloria gloria
gezien láttalak
gevonden találtam
gedaan tettél
erica erica
elizabeth erzsébet
duitsers németek
dormer dormer
donker sötét
donderdag csütörtökön
dochter lányomat
dochter lányod
diego diego
dichterbij közelebb
denkt gondolja
cicero cicero
charles charles
caspar caspar
burnham burnham
bunny bunny
boodschap üzenetet
blijft marad
blijf maradjatok
alles ennyi
zullen meglátjuk
wonder csoda
werkt dolgozik
wayne wayne
wakker ébresztõ
wachten várni
waarschijnlijk valószínûleg
vreselijk szörnyû
vooral különösen
vinden találom
viktor viktor
vijfde ötödik
vertel mondja
vertel mesélj
vertellen mondani
vertelde mondta
verdomme életbe
toeval véletlen
straks késõbb
stenen kövek
stanley stanley
spijt bocsáss
speciale különleges
speciaal különleges
sneller gyorsabban
shelly shelly
seconden másodpercet
señor senor
schuld hibád
rufus rufus
romeo romeo
roger roger
redden megmenteni
randy randy
raines raines
praten beszélünk
plezier szívességet
paulsen paulsen
pardon tessék
oorlog háborút
nicholas nicholas
mozes mózes
moment pillanatban
missie küldetés
minuten percig
minuten percen
luister nézze
lieverd édesem
leeloo leeloo
laura laura
kunnen tehetünk
klaar végeztem
keuken konyha
kapitein százados
kantoor irodában
kandidaat versenyzõ
julius julius
jimmie jimmie
jezelf magad
jawel dehogynem
james james
jaloers féltékeny
hoeveel hányan
helpt segít
gratis ingyen
gouden arany
gezegend áldott
gestorven meghalt
gemist hiányoztál
gedaan csinált
geboren született
gebeuren történni
gebeurd történik
francis francis
fiorentini fiorentini
draai forduljon
donker sötétben
doden megölni
dezelfde ugyanaz
denkt gondolsz
denkt gondol
daarna aztán
cougar cougar
cheryl cheryl
cheney cheney
cheddar cheddar
champagne pezsgõt
butch butch
bravo bravo
blijven maradni
benny benny
beloofd megígértem
bartleby bartleby
barry barry
banshees banshees
amerikaanse amerikai
amerika amerikába
aarde földön
zeilboot vitorlás
wyatt wyatt
woont lakik
woestijn sivatagban
willis willis
weten tudnod
werkt dolgozol
waardeer értékelem
vriendin barátnõje
vrienden barátai
vragen kérdezni
vogel madár
vertel mondom
verdomme bassza
veilig biztonságos
vechten harcolni
vader apámat
vaarwel viszlát
uffizi uffizi
tuttle tuttle
trouwen férjhez
trein vonatot
tenminste legalábbis
teague teague
tartaarsaus tartármártás
spritz spritz
sorry haragudj
sleutel kulcs
situatie helyzetben
schat szívem
schatje drágám
robin robin
regel szabálya
radio rádiót
problemen bajban
probleem bajod
probeerde megpróbáltam
pistool fegyvert
pistool fegyver
piloot pilóta
paulie paulie
pascal pascal
palmer palmer
overleden meghalt
ontslagen rúgva
officieel hivatalosan
oceaan óceán
nergens sehová
nadia nadja
morgan morgan
mitchell mitchell
miljard milliárd
merrill merrill
memphis memphis
meisje kislányt
masker maszk
maand hónapban
maand hónap
lucille lucille
lincoln lincoln
liever inkább
liefde szeretet
lezen olvasni
leven életemben
kwalijk elnézést
kraven kraven
kinderen gyerekei
kijken nézzem
keuken konyhában
keuken konyhába
kerstfeest karácsonyt
kende ismertem
karla karla
jullie csináltok
jesse jesse
jaren évekkel
houdt szeretsz
horen hallasz
hopkins hopkins
hierin beférjen
gisteravond éjjel
gezien láttál
gezicht arcát
gezegd mondtad
gezegd megmondtam
getrouwd házasok
gemakkelijk könnyû
geleden régen
geesten szellemek
gangster gengszter
elkins elkins
elkaar együtt
eleanor eleanor
dwight dwight
duivel ördög
connie connie
clara clara
chloe chloe
cathcart cathcart
broeder testvér
brandi brandi
bigalow bigelow
beloof ígérd
begrijp megértettem
beginnen kezdjük
begbie begbie
banyon banyon
armband karperecet
antwoord válaszolj
andere többi
anderen többiek
america america
allemaal minden
acteur színész
zoiets ilyesmit
ziekenhuis kórházban
zeggen mondanom
zaken üzlet
woensdag szerda
weten tudja
welkom hozott
wanneer amikor
walgelijk undorító
wachten várunk
waard megérte
vrouw nõvel
vrouw feleségét
vrouwen nõket
vrijdag péntek
vraag kérdezze
vorig tavaly
vinden találjuk
vertel elmondom
verteld mondtam
vertelde mondtam
verdomme picsába
vannacht éjjel
vanessa vanessa
uitzicht kilátás
uiteraard természetesen
trevor trevor
transmooker transmookert
thanksgiving hálaadás
surveilance megfigyelés
street street
straat utcán
stierf meghalt
sterkste legerõsebb
sprak beszéltem
smith smith
sleutels kulcsokat
slaap alszom
sarah sarah
sally sally
rusty rusty
raoul raoul
proficiat gratulálok
probeer próbálom
praten beszéljünk
praat beszél
poesjes punci
partner társam
parijs párizsba
overheid kormány
ontbijt reggelit
ontbijt reggeli
ongelooflijk hihetetlen
nodig szükség
nijlpaard víziló
nergens sehova
neill neill
nazareth názáreti
nachi nachi
muren falak
mooie gyönyörû
minuten percet
midden közepén
mexico mexikóban
meteen azonnal
mensen embereknek
maria maria
makkelijk egyszerû
maanden hónappal
lucian lucian
liggen feküdj
liegen hazudni
lichaam testem
libby libby
leugenaar hazudsz
lester lester
leland leland
lekker finom
laatste elmúlt
kunnen tudjuk
komaan ugyan
klootzak rohadék
klaar állsz
kinderen gyerekeim
kerel haver
kerel fickó
jullie nektek
johnston johnston
johnson johnson
jochie kölyök
informatie információ
infectie fertõzés
indrid indrid
iedere minden
hyuga hyuga
houdt szeret
hotel hotelben
hoopte reméltem
herbert herbert
hemel mennyország
gudge gudge
grond földre
green green
grappig mulatságos
goose goose
goedemiddag napot
gezien látott
geweldig fantasztikus
geweldig csodálatos
geweldig óriási
geweest voltam
geweest jártam
geweest jártál
gevonden találtál
geslapen aludtam
gerrity gerrity
genoeg elegem
geloof elhiszem
gekocht vettem
gebeld hívtál
gardner gardner
franklin franklin
frankenstein frankenstein
fiona fiona
falcon sólymi
eruit kifelé
eerlijk õszinte
dokter orvost
dingen dolgokat
detective nyomozó
dapper bátor
cortez cortez
cooper cooper
charlotte charlotte
champagne pezsgõ
casino kaszinó
calitri calitri
buiten odakint
brooks brooks
bloem virág
blijven maradjunk
blijft maradsz
binnen jöjjön
bijna mindjárt
bewijzen bizonyítani
bevel parancs
betwijfel kétlem
beter legjobb
bestaat létezik
belangrijker fontosabb
begrijp tudom
avontuur kaland
avond aznap
avond éjszaka
asmine asmine
artiest mûvész
arnie arnie
armband karperec
apostel apostol
anubis anubisz
altijd örökké
aggie aggie
ademt lélegzik
achter mögötted
aarde földet
zweer istenre
zwanger teherbe
zorgen aggódom
zonder nélkülem
zoiets ilyet
zoeken keresni
zodra amint
zielig szánalmas
ziekte disease
ziekenhuis kórházat
yamakasi yamakasi
worden lenni
woestijn sivatagba
winnen nyerni
willen akarunk
werkt bevált
wereld világban
welke miféle
weken héttel
weken hétig
wegwezen kifelé
wapen fegyvert
walter walter
waarschijnlijk valószínüleg
vrouw asszony
vrijdag pénteken
vrienden barátaid
vooruit elõre
vinden megtalálni
vertellen elmondom
verrader áruló
vergeten elfelejtette
vergeet felejts
verdomme franc
veranderd változott
veiliger biztonságosabb
vechten harcolunk
ukata ukata
uitverkorene kiválasztott
trouwens egyébként
tragedie tragédia
toilet mosdóba
tenzij kivéve
tafel asztalra
stuur kormányt
stoppen megállítani
sterven halni
sterft meghal
spring ugorj
spreekt beszél
spreek beszélünk
spion ügynök
spiegel tükörbe
spannend izgalmas
solomon solomon
soldaten katonák
sleutel kulcsot
slachtoffer áldozat
slaapkamers hálószoba
shellie shellie
sheila sheila
scuba búvár
schotland skócia
schieten lõjön
sachel sachel
rustig nyugodjon
rubin rubin
romeinen rómaiak
romantisch romantikus
rocket rocket
rocket rakéta
ringo ringo
rijden vezetni
rente kamat
rabbi rabbi
profeten próféták
probeer próbálok
preston preston
pratt pratt
powell powell
politie zsaru
pizza pizzát
persoonlijk személyes
pardon hogyan
parade parádé
overval rablás
overal mindenütt
ouders szülei
opzij útból
oplossing megoldás
ontmoet valakivel
ontmoette találkoztam
ontmoeten örülök
ongelukkig boldogtalan
onderhandelen tárgyalni
norther norther
nieuws hírek
necronomicon necronomicont
natalie natalie
moment pillanat
moeten tennünk
moeten beszélnünk
moeder anyukád
minuten perce
menselijk emberi
meadowlark meadowlark
maureen maureen
macsam macsam
lucht levegõ
londen londonba
linda linda
lijst listán
liegt hazudsz
liegt hazudik
licht fényt
leven életemet
leven életét
leugenaar hazug
leren tanulni
lelijk ronda
layla layla
lawrence lawrence
latijn latinul
later viszlát
langer többé
kruis kereszten
konijn nyuszi
koken fõzni
klopt nincs
klootzak szemét
klaatu klatu
klaar mehet
kinderen gyermekeim
kinderen gyerekeket
kijken nézzük
kenny kenny
kennen ismernek
kennen ismerjük
kende ismerte
kapitein kapitánnyal
kamer szobába
jullie maguk
juist rendben
joseph joseph
josephine josephine
jongen kölyök
jezus istenem
jezelf magadra
inzoomen közelebb
imhotep lmhotep
iemand valakivel
idioot hülye
huilen sírni
howard howard
hoorde hallottad
hield szeretett
helpen segítsek
helpen segít
helemaal teljesen
hebben megvan
hamilton hamilton
groter nagyobb
gregorio gregorio
gewapende fegyveres
gevonden talált
gevangenis börtönben
georgia georgia
genoeg eleget
genie zseni
gelukt sikerült
geluk szerencsét
gelooft hiszel
gelezen olvastam
gehoord hallottál
gedaan voltál
gedaan tetted
gedaan semmit
geboren születtem
gawain gawain
garth garth
franco franco
familie családja
estes estes
engels angolul
engeland anglia
eerste elõször
eerlijk igazság
eentje egyedül
drink iszom
drinken italt
dringend sürgõs
delta delta
darrin darrin
dagen napok
dagen napig
daarna azután
croft croft
courtney courtney
cornelius cornelius
connell connell
commandant parancsnok
cindy cindy
chemicalienfabriek vegyi
chambers chambers
caroline caroline
camera kamerát
broer bátyja
brodie brodie
blijf maradjanak
bletchley bletchley
blanke fehér
binnen bemegyek
bewegen mozogj
bewegen mozdulj
beroemd híres
bergen hegyekben
begrijpt érted
beest állat
bedoel gondolok
bedankt kössz
batman denevérember
baring baring
april április
amerikanen amerikaiak
altijd örökre
agent ügynök
actrice színésznõ
achteruit vissza
achter mögött
aardig rendes
