never nunca
please favor
right certo
about sobre
because porque
night noite
doing fazendo
people pessoas
thank obrigado
before antes
maybe talvez
always sempre
world mundo
things coisas
better melhor
still ainda
money dinheiro
sorry desculpe
thing coisa
thanks obrigado
first primeiro
friend amigo
place lugar
someone alguém
happened aconteceu
after depois
family família
something coisa
sorry sinto
tomorrow amanhã
course claro
could poderia
really realmente
talking falando
friends amigos
problem problema
thought pensei
first primeira
wanted queria
woman mulher
minutes minutos
captain capitão
tonight noite
wrong errado
little pouco
somebody alguém
nobody ninguém
brother irmão
thank obrigada
together juntos
happy feliz
school escola
worry preocupe
trying tentando
since desde
great grande
great ótimo
truth verdade
hours horas
death morte
looks parece
excuse licença
daughter filha
should deveria
morning manhã
blood sangue
believe acredito
heart coração
wanna quero
story história
another outro
other outro
number número
almost quase
thinking pensando
another outra
times vezes
husband marido
sometimes vezes
jesus jesus
important importante
phone telefone
minute minuto
against contra
think pensar
everyone todos
where aonde
months meses
really mesmo
question pergunta
these esses
listen escute
cause porque
ready pronto
thought achei
second segundo
harry harry
remember lembra
person pessoa
police polícia
party festa
general general
moment momento
right razão
sleep dormir
enough suficiente
between entre
while enquanto
waiting esperando
music música
believe acreditar
women mulheres
probably provavelmente
daddy papai
young jovem
inside dentro
understand entendo
lucky sorte
exactly exatamente
everybody todos
actually verdade
master mestre
power poder
george george
could podia
chance chance
should devia
remember lembro
funny engraçado
really muito
gotta tenho
saying dizendo
honey querida
again novamente
hospital hospital
would seria
these essas
least menos
people gente
weeks semanas
different diferente
special especial
seems parece
other outros
needs precisa
think pensa
thanks obrigada
front frente
forget esqueça
every todos
children crianças
looking procurando
girls garotas
dream sonho
peter peter
going acontecendo
happen acontecer
means significa
those aqueles
president presidente
later tarde
killed matou
dinner jantar
future futuro
stuff coisas
serious sério
other outra
think pense
careful cuidado
really sério
mission missão
agent agente
sword espada
perfect perfeito
later depois
alone sozinho
anything qualquer
words palavras
leave deixar
anyone alguém
matter importa
behind atrás
little pequeno
finally finalmente
leave deixe
crazy louco
these estes
reason razão
choice escolha
gentlemen senhores
bruce bruce
going vamos
really verdade
control controle
questions perguntas
perhaps talvez
kidding brincando
fault culpa
church igreja
christmas natal
anyone ninguém
accident acidente
seconds segundos
rules regras
million milhões
change mudar
right mesmo
others outros
billy billy
promise prometo
earth terra
david david
message mensagem
brought trouxe
sounds parece
evening noite
coming vindo
speak falar
plane avião
mommy mamãe
fight lutar
attention atenção
watch cuidado
birthday aniversário
favor favor
doing fazer
interesting interessante
close perto
start começar
looking olhando
hotel hotel
forever sempre
heard ouviu
company companhia
sorry lamento
somewhere lugar
professor professor
johnny johnny
doctor médico
happens acontece
these estas
order ordem
queen rainha
gonna vamos
office escritório
anything alguma
strong forte
pleasure prazer
sorry desculpa
little pequena
system sistema
honey querido
those esses
situation situação
child criança
would gostaria
window janela
think penso
history história
happening acontecendo
dance dançar
anyway qualquer
security segurança
crime crime
ahead frente
michael michael
believe acredita
anybody alguém
movie filme
gotta temos
boyfriend namorado
stuart stuart
sarah sarah
right direito
radio rádio
majesty majestade
ladies senhoras
frank frank
surprise surpresa
goodbye adeus
enough bastante
charlie charlie
understand entender
north norte
jimmy jimmy
happened houve
dreams sonhos
friend amiga
found encontrei
again outra
would teria
possible possível
working trabalhando
their deles
stupid estúpido
pretty muito
sense sentido
ready prontos
learn aprender
girls meninas
could posso
those essas
idiot idiota
human humano
congratulations parabéns
yesterday ontem
understand entende
tried tentei
being sendo
afternoon tarde
forget esquecer
answer resposta
white branco
secret segredo
other outras
girlfriend namorada
christ cristo
sergeant sargento
attack ataque
right certa
beautiful lindo
apartment apartamento
while tempo
truck caminhão
respect respeito
ready pronta
lawyer advogado
explain explicar
anybody ninguém
trouble problemas
there havia
simple simples
planet planeta
lieutenant tenente
james james
princess princesa
excuse desculpe
dangerous perigoso
weird estranho
smell cheiro
machine máquina
lives vidas
impossible impossível
every todas
doctor doutor
weapons armas
strange estranho
gotta preciso
frodo frodo
commander comandante
clothes roupas
children filhos
business negócios
beautiful linda
quick rápido
position posição
point ponto
business negócio
around volta
tommy tommy
prince príncipe
gentlemen cavalheiros
derek derek
colonel coronel
william william
right direita
remember lembrar
problems problemas
marty marty
kitchen cozinha
honor honra
freedom liberdade
enough chega
could pudesse
touch toque
should devemos
seriously sério
detective detetive
believe acredite
because causa
normal normal
horse cavalo
except exceto
different diferentes
battle batalha
anywhere lugar
alone sozinha
after atrás
orders ordens
drugs drogas
bathroom banheiro
america américa
trust confiar
plans planos
killer assassino
harvey harvey
group grupo
getting ficando
wonderful maravilhoso
thank agradecer
telling dizendo
spirit espírito
information informação
enemy inimigo
write escrever
summer verão
started começou
fucking porra
english inglês
center centro
career carreira
space espaço
london londres
jerry jerry
command comando
animals animais
unless menos
talking falar
sorry muito
force força
think creio
second segunda
meeting reunião
difference diferença
brothers irmãos
small pequeno
shoes sapatos
frankie frankie
computer computador
wrong errada
trust confie
think acham
memory memória
hurry depressa
great ótima
emergency emergência
dress vestido
chief chefe
buddy amigo
arthur arthur
understand entendeu
mountain montanha
letter carta
class classe
pictures fotos
making fazendo
dying morrendo
dollars dólares
destroy destruir
bring traga
books livros
oscar oscar
names nomes
likes gosta
could podemos
american americano
tyler tyler
tried tentou
magazine revista
completely completamente
wellington wellington
treasure tesouro
thank graças
terrible terrível
perfect perfeita
nature natureza
danger perigo
council conselho
there existe
richard richard
protect proteger
pregnant grávida
matter problema
married casar
especially especialmente
brain cérebro
paris paris
monkey macaco
excellent excelente
during durante
decision decisão
cannot posso
beach praia
signal sinal
crazy loucura
black negro
albert albert
twice vezes
stories histórias
state estado
soldiers soldados
people pessoal
eliza eliza
bring trazer
relax relaxe
price preço
patient paciente
marry casar
lenny lenny
leave embora
human humana
energy energia
emperor imperador
difficult difícil
weekend semana
tired cansado
third terceiro
prison prisão
immediately imediatamente
found achei
clark clark
bridge ponte
bodies corpos
yourself mesmo
wrong problema
sammy sammy
pressure pressão
present presente
pants calças
million milhão
found encontramos
danny danny
wedding casamento
project projeto
means dizer
lunch almoço
changed mudou
through através
science ciência
program programa
partner parceiro
operation operação
lloyd lloyd
lights luzes
jersey jersey
going havendo
faster rápido
example exemplo
brian brian
sunday domingo
station estação
needed precisava
maggie maggie
horses cavalos
henry henry
government governo
finish terminar
feelings sentimentos
drunk bêbado
dance dança
biggest maior
around redor
alexander alexander
those aquelas
there houve
service serviço
saved salvou
proud orgulhoso
mexico méxico
fingers dedos
field campo
drink beber
bigger maior
asked pediu
wrote escreveu
there pronto
stole roubou
soldier soldado
quickly rápido
motherfucker filho
listen ouvir
forgot esqueci
contact contato
chris chris
burgundy burgundy
building prédio
about quanto
think acredito
start comece
saturday sábado
personal pessoal
monster monstro
might talvez
leader líder
having tendo
greatest maior
gandalf gandalf
could poderíamos
wayne wayne
wanna querem
spring primavera
simba simba
robert robert
reason motivo
miracle milagre
major major
kingdom reino
kevin kevin
jessica jessica
feeling sentindo
famous famoso
client cliente
beauty beleza
beautiful bonita
about respeito
working trabalhar
victim vítima
touch tocar
supposed deveria
press imprensa
philip philip
murder assassinato
married casado
loved amava
justice justiça
imagine imaginar
found encontrou
enemies inimigos
castle castelo
brilliant brilhante
would poderia
whole inteiro
tower torre
stupid idiota
shirt camisa
kelly kelly
innocent inocente
honest honesto
drink bebida
catch pegar
carter carter
called chamado
under debaixo
travis travis
there dentro
teddy teddy
suppose suponho
stripes listras
should deveríamos
named chamado
might poderia
masseur massagista
howard howard
green verde
father padre
diamond diamante
definitely definitivamente
black preto
answer responder
young jovens
would faria
walter walter
turner turner
tired cansada
secret secreto
merlin merlin
marriage casamento
listen escuta
jones jones
jennifer jennifer
jasmine jasmine
interested interessado
europe europa
darling querida
closer perto
bitch cadela
worry preocupar
welcome vindo
tracy tracy
suicide suicídio
scott scott
ridiculous ridículo
paper papel
officer oficial
watch relógio
wallace wallace
unbelievable inacreditável
totally totalmente
teeth dentes
suggest sugiro
small pequena
should devíamos
pretty bonita
nervous nervoso
mathilde mathilde
listening ouvindo
leonard leonard
killing matar
found achou
floor andar
crazy louca
courage coragem
certainly certamente
amazing incrível
using usando
training treinamento
thought pensou
strength força
stage palco
shoot atirar
presence presença
never jamais
larry larry
lance lance
killing matando
doors portas
diego diego
coming chegando
clear claro
called ligou
alive vivos
advice conselho
absolutely absolutamente
works funciona
winter inverno
shoot atire
roger entendido
public público
nancy nancy
knows conhece
hurry rápido
england inglaterra
child filho
called chamou
become tornar
asking pedindo
airport aeroporto
trees árvores
terrorists terroristas
teach ensinar
suspect suspeito
source fonte
soccer futebol
prove provar
powers poderes
porter porter
national nacional
miles miles
killed morto
health saúde
grace grace
foreman foreman
experience experiência
everybody pessoal
defense defesa
breathe respire
animal animal
visit visitar
universe universo
thinking pensar
sugar açúcar
starting começando
ocean oceano
lying mentindo
katie katie
ghost fantasma
forgot esqueceu
florida flórida
donnie donnie
clean limpar
charles charles
bobby bobby
white branca
wearing usando
video vídeo
tongue língua
teacher professora
sweetheart querida
super super
still continua
report relatório
purpose propósito
prince principe
permission permissão
money grana
miles milhas
lately ultimamente
knees joelhos
funny graça
france frança
flowers flores
chance oportunidade
cause causa
bought comprou
asked perguntou
around perto
willie willie
victory vitória
theory teoria
systems sistemas
survive sobreviver
steal roubar
stars estrelas
something alguma
saying dizer
restaurant restaurante
promised prometeu
opportunity oportunidade
obviously obviamente
nicole nicole
myself mesmo
museum museu
murderer assassino
movies filmes
excuse desculpa
drive dirigir
company empresa
college faculdade
channel canal
black black
writer escritor
thousands milhares
speed velocidade
right verdade
quinn quinn
professional profissional
pizza pizza
palace palácio
opinion opinião
nurse enfermeira
mister senhor
jonesy jonesy
investigation investigação
happy felizes
gordon gordon
fucking merda
connelly connelly
coincidence coincidência
close feche
berlin berlim
begin começar
africa áfrica
wallet carteira
taste gosto
talkin falando
straight direto
staying ficar
speech discurso
return voltar
reading lendo
powerful poderoso
pirate pirata
necessary necessário
minister ministro
military militar
level nível
incredible incrível
games jogos
forward frente
forest floresta
driver motorista
director diretor
conversation conversa
cigarette cigarro
carlos carlos
bought comprei
booth cabine
allie allie
agree concordo
address endereço
academy academia
whole inteira
vegas vegas
through passar
though embora
thinks pensa
teacher professor
started comecei
spend passar
shark tubarão
robots robôs
problem problemas
pilot piloto
natural natural
little little
jungle selva
horrible horrível
genius gênio
first antes
favorite favorito
dragon dragão
doubt dúvida
devlin devlin
could possa
chocolate chocolate
answer responda
americans americanos
wonderful maravilhosa
washington washington
trust confio
throat garganta
television televisão
smith smith
simon simon
running correndo
responsibility responsabilidade
rabbit coelho
protection proteção
pride orgulho
poetry poesia
pocket bolso
piece pedaço
pathetic patético
original original
orange laranja
option opção
numbers números
napoleon napoleão
listen escutem
killed matei
humans humanos
great grandes
easier fácil
dunbar dunbar
clothes roupa
boots botas
beginning começo
bedroom quarto
asshole idiota
apparently aparentemente
actress atriz
trust confia
thomas thomas
thanks valeu
texas texas
support apoio
stanley stanley
smile sorriso
samantha samantha
russell russell
revenge vingança
quiet quieto
proof prova
night noites
mountains montanhas
member membro
machines máquinas
leaving embora
known conhecido
kenai kenai
julie julie
honey honey
goldie goldie
giving dando
funeral funeral
elizabeth elizabeth
dreaming sonhando
desert deserto
crying chorando
crazy maluco
count contar
contract contrato
chest peito
check cheque
cancer câncer
being estar
worried preocupado
witness testemunha
these desses
therapy terapia
sweetie querida
suddenly repente
storm tempestade
sorry desculpem
sharkslayer matador
private particular
precious precioso
pearl pearl
negative negativo
model modelo
louis louis
hollywood hollywood
gotta precisa
fight briga
degrees graus
decided decidiu
darkness escuridão
credit crédito
choose escolher
cares importa
called chamada
asshole babaca
accept aceitar
working funcionando
winner vencedor
watch assistir
unfortunately infelizmente
trick truque
treatment tratamento
title título
thanks graças
stupid estúpida
speaking falando
smart inteligente
sheriff xerife
kendall kendall
information informações
ideas idéias
hates odeia
happens acontecer
guards guardas
goddamn droga
enough basta
empire império
eating comer
drink drinque
couple alguns
common comum
check checar
chair cadeira
certain certo
breathe respirar
break quebrar
bottle garrafa
bones ossos
asshole imbecil
anakin anakin
among entre
trouble problema
taught ensinou
stolen roubado
special especiais
sleeping dormindo
reality realidade
question questão
personally pessoalmente
nearly quase
monday segunda
millions milhões
mccain mccain
market mercado
losing perdendo
living viver
hannah hannah
fuller fuller
friends amigas
friday sexta
fantastic fantástico
escape escapar
drinking beber
daffy patolino
continue continuar
confused confuso
ceremony cerimônia
bullshit besteira
adventure aventura
wanted quisesse
tally tally
submarine submarino
style estilo
stomach estômago
someone pessoa
sharks tubarões
seeing vendo
responsible responsável
raymond raymond
pedro pedro
loser perdedor
liked gostava
leave partir
lawrence lawrence
happen aconteceu
gracie gracie
football futebol
final final
eating comendo
disease doença
diamonds diamantes
debbie debbie
dance baile
crown coroa
criminal criminoso
creatures criaturas
could poder
collins collins
central central
beautiful bonito
bastoche bastoche
anybody qualquer
according acordo
virgin virgem
vacation férias
throne trono
think achou
thief ladrão
stone pedra
starling starling
scared assustado
relationship relacionamento
ready preparado
promised prometi
prize prêmio
principal diretor
police policia
offer oferta
noise barulho
nights noites
mueller mueller
miller miller
matter questão
maria maria
manager gerente
looking procura
letters cartas
lands terras
jesus nossa
jackie jackie
instead invés
illegal ilegal
hundreds centenas
guard guarda
grant grant
french francês
frazier frazier
found encontrado
follow seguir
familiar familiar
eddie eddie
dying morrer
destruction destruição
desire desejo
department departamento
darling querido
college universidade
chicken frango
bingo bingo
better melhores
attitude atitude
anyone qualquer
achilles aquiles
vincent vincent
victims vítimas
understand compreendo
trust confiança
troops tropas
toula toula
thought pensava
those desses
those daqueles
third terceira
there existem
surface superfície
success sucesso
smoke fumar
smart esperto
sisters irmãs
siegfried siegfried
season temporada
sandy sandy
safety segurança
research pesquisa
ramon ramon
property propriedade
prisoner prisioneiro
prefer prefiro
penis pênis
neither também
mirror espelho
members membros
married casados
listen ouçam
kiyoko kiyoko
impressive impressionante
heard ouviram
happiness felicidade
happened acontecido
guilty culpado
fucking maldito
forget esquece
fighting lutando
families famílias
ending final
elevator elevador
duddits duddits
details detalhes
daesu daesu
could poderiam
corner esquina
corner canto
change mudança
century século
carol carol
cannot podemos
build construir
broke quebrou
broken quebrado
broken quebrada
artist artista
arrived chegou
apollo apollo
anger raiva
works trabalha
wives esposas
while quando
watching assistindo
throw jogue
thank agradeço
stranger estranho
sparrow sparrow
sorry perdão
sitting sentado
roger roger
robin robin
relax relaxar
places lugares
parker parker
nightmare pesadelo
nephew sobrinho
morgan morgan
moments momentos
married casada
lovely adorável
japan japão
interest interesse
intelligence inteligência
imagine imagine
helping ajudando
happy contente
greek grego
first primeiros
fired despedido
deserve merece
delta delta
crowd multidão
cream sorvete
court tribunal
congressman senador
complicated complicado
coach treinador
closet armário
clean limpo
clean limpa
clarice clarice
chicago chicago
cameras câmeras
camera câmera
california califórnia
bottom fundo
balls bolas
asleep dormindo
appreciate agradeço
answers respostas
angie angie
angels anjos
agents agentes
world mundial
violence violência
useless inútil
spent passei
society sociedade
sleeping dormir
revolution revolução
reggie reggie
rebels rebeldes
promise promessa
priest padre
patients pacientes
november novembro
minute pouco
military militares
message recado
magic magia
looking procuro
lesson lição
legend lenda
lecter lecter
kenobi kenobi
kenny kenny
janey janey
involved envolvido
helped ajudou
guess suponho
genie gênio
garden jardim
flying voando
extra extra
entrance entrada
enter entrar
drinking bebendo
direction direção
destiny destino
depends depende
darwin darwin
daniel daniel
creature criatura
couple algumas
could podem
community comunidade
champ campeão
cecile cecile
called liguei
business conta
bucks dólares
bravo bravo
bastard bastardo
angela angela
american americana
although embora
alfred alfred
alarm alarme
access acesso
above acima
welcome vindos
weird esquisito
walls paredes
waiting esperar
times tempos
surprised surpreso
stuff coisa
start começo
stacy stacy
sleep durma
should deveriam
senator senador
roxie roxie
reasons razões
rachel rachel
playing jogando
penny penny
olivia olivia
neighborhood bairro
muhammad muhammad
mistakes erros
minute momento
melman melman
medicine remédio
matters importa
marion marion
magic mágica
madam madame
laura laura
joyce joyce
jeremy jeremy
jafar jafar
human humanos
huckabees huckabees
heroes heróis
great legal
factory fábrica
evidence provas
decided decidi
close fechar
choice opção
china china
building edifício
bilbo bilbo
believe creio
believe acreditam
awful horrível
anyway mesmo
afraid receio
about prestes
yellow amarelo
wrote escrevi
witnesses testemunhas
wanna quiser
vision visão
veronica verônica
uniform uniforme
timor timor
think pensam
thinkin pensando
steam vapor
states unidos
stairs escadas
sound parece
singing cantando
shall vamos
secret secreta
satine satine
rescue resgate
rather prefiro
rabbit rabbit
proud orgulho
playing brincando
passion paixão
pages páginas
natalie natalie
miami miami
marla marla
manech manech
madness loucura
leave deixa
learned aprendi
laughing rindo
ladies senhoritas
killed mataram
joking brincando
japanese japonês
introduce apresentar
hutch hutch
heroin heroína
harris harris
hansel hansel
goddamn maldito
glory glória
ghosts fantasmas
found achamos
foster foster
fortune fortuna
forgive perdoe
flesh carne
felix felix
fantasy fantasia
explosion explosão
exciting excitante
entire inteira
education educação
cover cobertura
control controlar
collection coleção
christy christy
chopper helicóptero
cheryl cheryl
character personagem
chapel chapel
calling ligando
calling chamando
bunch monte
buffalo buffalo
betty betty
belongs pertence
basically basicamente
avoid evitar
ambulance ambulância
aboard bordo
yourself sozinho
within dentro
while pouco
watching vendo
wanted quero
waiting espera
usually normalmente
university universidade
trevor trevor
thought achou
theater teatro
stronger forte
starsky starsky
spirits espíritos
souls almas
somebody pessoa
smoking fumar
sleep dorme
silence silêncio
search busca
scientist cientista
scary assustador
robinson robinson
right claro
procedure procedimento
power energia
politics política
nowhere nenhum
mordor mordor
martin martin
looked parecia
killed matar
journey viagem
journal diário
interview entrevista
infection infecção
image imagem
holding segurando
guess adivinhar
glass vidro
funny engraçada
friendship amizade
farva farva
expect esperava
empty vazio
emily emily
either também
dolly dolly
discuss discutir
devil demônio
defend defender
crimes crimes
coward covarde
couple casal
cleveland cleveland
choose escolha
child filha
chicken galinha
cemetery cemitério
bucks pratas
bring trouxe
bring levar
brewers brewers
bless abençoe
black preta
barrie barrie
bambi bambi
audience platéia
andrew andrew
alone sozinhos
alice alice
white brancos
wagstaff wagstaff
voices vozes
trust acredite
telling dizer
technology tecnologia
talking dizendo
talked falei
stopped parou
smoke fumaça
shower banho
shepard shepard
secrets segredos
second momento
sebastian sebastian
searching procurando
samson samson
running fugindo
ropes cordas
remember lembre
pretend fingir
points pontos
personality personalidade
patience paciência
pardon perdão
opera ópera
october outubro
myself sozinho
myself mesma
minds mentes
meters metros
merry feliz
mayor prefeito
mason mason
marie marie
manny manny
loves adora
losing perder
little pouquinho
kitty gatinho
julia julia
jerusalem jerusalém
jerome jerome
internet internet
incident incidente
hurry pressa
heard soube
germans alemães
found encontraram
following seguindo
fighting lutar
falcon falcão
explanation explicação
everyone pessoal
drake drake
downstairs baixo
doubt duvido
dealer traficante
daughters filhas
dance dance
corningstone corningstone
cookie biscoito
comrade camarada
complete completo
combat combate
codes códigos
cloud cloud
catherine catherine
bullets balas
bleeding sangrando
benny benny
baggins bolseiro
apologize desculpas
anything coisa
anchor âncora
written escrito
windows janelas
watson watson
warrior guerreiro
virus vírus
usual sempre
trial julgamento
think pensou
these dessas
tears lágrimas
talking conversando
suffering sofrimento
sudden repente
subject assunto
steven steven
stand fique
snowflake snowflake
smile sorria
shower chuveiro
shire condado
shame vergonha
senate senado
selfish egoísta
reputation reputação
randy randy
promise prometa
perón perón
papers jornais
panties calcinha
panic pânico
oliver oliver
neighbors vizinhos
murph murph
mcelroy mcelroy
matrix matrix
madam senhora
local local
knowledge conhecimento
knights cavaleiros
imagine imagino
imagination imaginação
humanity humanidade
harue harue
greeks gregos
gotham gotham
goddamn maldita
german alemão
garage garagem
fresh fresco
finkle finkle
famous famosa
exists existe
doctors médicos
doctor doutora
divorce divórcio
distance distância
disappeared desapareceu
diane diane
destroyed destruído
dancing dançando
course curso
comrade companheiro
coast costa
change trocar
behavior comportamento
basement porão
authority autoridade
atlantis atlântida
asking perguntando
along junto
allow permitir
actually realmente
zebra zebra
zachary zachary
write escreva
woods floresta
visit visita
tunnel túnel
truly realmente
those dessas
tattoo tatuagem
talent talento
taking levar
taking levando
sykes sykes
supper jantar
stone stone
steve steve
statement declaração
starts começa
started começar
squirrel esquilo
slowly devagar
slept dormiu
signs sinais
showed mostrou
shopping compras
sexual sexual
scientists cientistas
satellite satélite
rights direitos
reznik resnick
process processo
practically praticamente
planning planejando
pills pílulas
pekar pekar
offer oferecer
mugatu mugatu
moving movendo
mistake engano
messages mensagens
masquerade mascarado
margalo margalo
marcus marcus
living vivendo
lines linhas
leave deixo
keaton keaton
jacket jaqueta
interested interessada
instructions instruções
hills colinas
highness alteza
heavy pesado
heard escutei
handle cuidar
guess adivinhe
grady grady
goose ganso
glasses óculos
fucking caralho
froderick froderick
friends amigo
forces forças
folks pessoal
führer fuhrer
exactly exato
elephant elefante
disaster desastre
devil diabo
dennis dennis
decide decidir
customers clientes
curse maldição
crying chorar
conscience consciência
comfortable confortável
cocaine cocaína
clients clientes
clear limpo
childhood infância
cheese queijo
charcoal carvão
change troco
champion campeão
champagne champanhe
challenge desafio
certain certeza
cannon canhão
button botão
breathing respirando
border fronteira
believes acredita
beckett beckett
bears ursos
baseball beisebol
ashley ashley
archimedes archimedes
american americanos
agreement acordo
admit admitir
whenever quando
weather tempo
vassili vassili
usually geralmente
understand entendi
tucker tucker
trying tentar
tragedy tragédia
thurgood thurgood
thought achava
think pensei
telephone telefone
tatiana tatiana
strong fortes
start começa
sorry descuipe
sontee sontee
socks meias
should devesse
shock choque
shadow sombra
september setembro
selling vendendo
section seção
sauron sauron
reward recompensa
religion religião
relationship relação
recently recentemente
radiation radiação
quiet silêncio
proud orgulhosa
privacy privacidade
pretty linda
pieces pedaços
perimeter perímetro
paying pagando
passport passaporte
partners parceiros
paradise paraíso
package pacote
nolan nolan
movies cinema
might possa
material material
malloy malloy
mackenzie mackenzie
leave deixou
justin justin
important importantes
hurry apressar
honestly honestamente
happen acontecem
guess adivinha
groups grupos
great demais
giant gigante
gentleman cavalheiro
franks franks
francs francos
francis francis
favorite favorita
father papai
expect espera
everywhere parte
escape fugir
equipment equipamento
environment ambiente
edward edward
dream sonhos
dangerous perigosa
countries países
committee comitê
coffin caixão
circus circo
circle círculo
christine christine
cavalry cavalaria
calls chama
called chama
cahit cahit
brown brown
became tornou
barnes barnes
attorney advogado
zoolander zoolander
writing escrevendo
would ficaria
watching olhando
wanna queria
vitti vitti
value valor
travel viajar
trained treinado
tradition tradição
total total
together juntas
tiger tigre
throw jogar
threat ameaça
swimming nadando
sultan sultão
studio estúdio
stone rocha
solution solução
smell cheira
shoulder ombro
sandwiches sanduíches
ringo ringo
request pedido
raoul raoul
range alcance
quite muito
promise promete
prepare preparar
planes aviões
parties festas
pants calça
nation nação
moving mudar
might posso
mercy piedade
matthew matthew
making fazer
lungs pulmões
lucky sortudo
looked olhou
locker armário
leaving deixando
language língua
killed matado
keyser keyser
identity identidade
hidden escondido
handle lidar
greece grécia
great genial
gotta precisamos
gotta gotta
generation geração
garth garth
fucking maldita
french franceses
francisco francisco
files arquivos
feeling sentimento
favour favor
expecting esperando
ellie ellie
driving dirigindo
directly diretamente
dancing dançar
criminals criminosos
coordinates coordenadas
conrad conrad
communist comunista
check verificar
charge comando
cases casos
calling chamar
burning queimando
birds pássaros
bible bíblia
attack atacar
asking perguntar
article artigo
about trata
yankees yankees
worried preocupada
worked funcionou
warriors guerreiros
wants quiser
units unidades
understand entenda
umbrella umbrella
transfer transferência
tough difícil
those daquelas
think pensando
think achar
things coisa
talked falou
taking tomando
survival sobrevivência
students estudantes
stiii ainda
spectacular espetacular
sonny sonny
shape forma
shadows sombras
seymour seymour
russians russos
rooms salas
romance romance
robert roberto
right direto
richard ricardo
record recorde
prisoners prisioneiros
prepared preparado
power força
poachers caçadores
personal pessoais
paces passos
official oficial
occasion ocasião
obvious óbvio
number telefone
normally normalmente
negotiate negociar
moving andando
monkeys macacos
miyuki miyuki
loyalty lealdade
looking procurar
looked olhei
longshanks longshanks
longer tempo
linda linda
leave deixem
ladies garotas
knowing saber
kirsty kirsty
insurance seguro
insane louco
houses casas
hobbits hobbits
helmut helmut
heard ouvimos
harold harold
happen acontecerá
gunner gunner
guests convidados
grenade granada
greek grega
graham graham
goldfarb goldfarb
forget esqueceu
forget esqueçam
finish acabar
feels sente
feeling sensação
family familia
facts fatos
existence existência
elias elias
elektra eiektra
despite apesar
delicious delicioso
cousin primo
condition condição
concert concerto
clown palhaço
cigarettes cigarros
chucky chucky
chinese chinês
chick garota
changing mudando
chancellor chanceler
cells células
campaign campanha
caesar césar
bullshit mentira
boston boston
become tornou
bariilo barillo
asked perguntei
about cerca
zidler zidler
writing escrever
wounded feridos
wondering pensando
williams williams
white brancas
violet violet
vengeance vingança
veeck veeck
united estados
tried tentaram
treat tratar
tomorrow amanha
think parece
terrorist terrorista
tennis tênis
technically tecnicamente
taylor taylor
taken levado
surprised surpresa
stupid burro
stuck preso
sports esportes
songs canções
social social
snake cobra
smiling sorrindo
smells cheira
smart esperta
sleep dormiu
skills habilidades
silver prata
ships naves
senator senadora
seemed parecia
second pouco
seats lugares
screaming gritando
sandra sandra
samurai samurai
romantic romântico
rocky rocky
right legal
right correto
realize conta
quickly depressa
positive positivo
popular popular
place local
organization organização
older velho
nobles nobres
noble nobre
murphy murphy
mozart mozart
maybe taivez
losers perdedores
large grande
klein klein
jokes piadas
jewish judeu
italian italiano
international internacional
interests interesses
innocent inocentes
hostage refém
hiding escondendo
heads cabeças
having divertindo
guess creio
gloria gloria
foundation fundação
found acharam
fence cerca
faces rostos
expedition expedição
dylan dylan
durant durant
doing fazem
delivery entrega
decided decidimos
custody custódia
crazy loucos
court corte
could podíamos
coming saindo
civilization civilização
cities cidades
chuck chuck
christian christian
carry carregar
carpet tapete
calls ligações
called chamei
burgund burgund
break tempo
based baseado
barton barton
banning banning
balance equilíbrio
award prêmio
august agosto
angeles angeles
amanda amanda
alderaan alderaan
alcohol álcool
alamo álamo
acting atuação
abracadabra abracadabra
yourself mesma
wounded ferido
wonder saber
wants querem
wanna querer
walking andando
walker walker
vilmer vilmer
village aldeia
understand entendem
traffic trânsito
these destes
terror terror
temple templo
taking tirando
sydney sidney
sweetie querido
susan susan
strangers estranhos
still continuo
stifler stiffler
stevie stevie
started começaram
someplace lugar
someone alguem
smile sorrir
slept dormi
slaves escravos
slave escravo
sitting sentada
sharkbait lscadetubarão
share compartilhar
shania shania
serve servir
selena selena
science ciências
school colégio
saying falando
saying disse
saving salvar
saruman saruman
salesman vendedor
sacrifice sacrifício
right acordo
republic república
repeat repito
remind lembrar
recognize reconhece
questions pergunta
pulse pulso
protecting protegendo
product produto
powerful poderosa
potential potencial
population população
photos fotos
philosophy filosofia
phantoms fantasmas
passed passou
parts partes
officer guarda
offered ofereceu
nigel nigel
mufasa mufasa
moved mudou
mother mamãe
monsters monstros
moment minuto
mitchell mitchell
missed falta
mental mental
marvin marvin
married casou
manhattan manhattan
manchester manchester
lunch almoçar
lonely solitário
leonowens leonowens
lanning lenning
kitty kitty
journalist jornalista
jackson jackson
irene irene
instance exemplo
inside entrar
including incluindo
honor meritíssimo
hitler hitler
heaven paraíso
hearts corações
heard ouvido
going passa
frankly francamente
finished terminei
fighter lutador
fellas amigos
feeling pressentimento
event evento
evening tarde
entire inteiro
elephants elefantes
discipline disciplina
decent decente
create criar
counting contando
correct correto
convince convencer
confession confissão
competition competição
compassion compaixão
compass bússola
colors cores
clouds nuvens
closed fechados
clock horas
citizen cidadão
cheers saúde
caught pegou
captain capitã
canada canadá
calls chamadas
butch butch
burden fardo
britta britta
breath respiração
bonjour bonjour
bombs bombas
bishop bispo
birth nascimento
believed acreditava
begins começa
beginning começando
babies bebês
average média
appears parece
anderson anderson
america america
aliens alienígenas
yellow amarela
wrong enganado
wound ferida
would deveria
welcome vindas
warrant mandado
wanted queriam
wanna gostaria
twenty vinte
turned virou
tribe tribo
traitor traidor
touch contato
tickets entradas
ticket passagem
thousand milhares
thought pensamento
thieves ladrões
thatch thatch
thankyou obrigado
terrible terríveis
telling contando
tania tânia
sushi sushi
surgery cirurgia
study estudar
strange estranha
stick ficar
spencer spencer
singing cantar
signature assinatura
sight vista
shoulders ombros
should devem
sensitive sensível
scared assustou
sarge sargento
saint saint
sailor marinheiro
robbie robbie
riddick riddick
retired aposentado
record registro
rebel rebelde
purse bolsa
psychiatrist psiquiatra
progress progresso
priority prioridade
precisely precisamente
pirates piratas
paint pintar
opened abriu
ollie ollie
object objeto
notes notas
neighborhood vizinhança
motel motel
missed perdeu
mirandinha mirandinha
milwaukee milwaukee
mexican mexicano
merrill merrill
mentioned mencionou
maximus maximus
mateo mateo
martini martini
lucius lucious
lovers amantes
living morando
lincoln lincoln
liked gostei
letters letras
leezak leezak
leaving deixar
lawyers advogados
launch lançamento
krank krank
knock chega
knight cavaleiro
junior junior
joseph joseph
johnson johnson
jenny jenny
italy itália
hunter caçador
hernandez hernandez
harvard harvard
greater maior
governor governador
gertie gertie
excuse perdão
english ingleses
ellen ellen
einhorn einhorn
effect efeito
dollar dólar
dodge dodge
disappear desaparecer
deserves merece
daniels daniels
dancing dança
cruel cruel
created criou
complete completa
coming voltando
clever esperto
clean limpe
class turma
castle castle
capone capone
bunch bando
buddy amigão
brunhild brunhild
bring bring
brick brick
blaine blaine
better melhorar
benedict benedict
began começou
beast besta
bastard desgraçado
awesome demais
assistant assistente
april abril
alert alerta
afford pagar
admiral almirante
actions ações
according segundo
wrong houve
wrong erradas
worked trabalhei
woburn woburn
whatever tanto
watts watts
waste desperdício
wacko maluco
valve válvula
vagina vagina
trouble confusão
trench trincheira
towel toalha
tough durão
toots toots
toast brinde
tiger tiger
threw jogou
think acredita
thing negócio
students alunos
strider strider
still mesmo
spaces espaços
sorry desculpas
snowbell snowbell
sleeps dorme
sitka sitka
shirt camiseta
shield escudo
servant servo
sense senso
second instante
scotland escócia
scared assustada
sample amostra
sally sally
routine rotina
rooms quartos
roman romano
rolling rolling
rohan rohan
rebellion rebelião
propaganda propaganda
promises promessas
privilege privilégio
pretty bastante
practice treino
possibility possibilidade
perfectly perfeitamente
passing passando
panda panda
panama panamá
orgasm orgasmo
officially oficialmente
officers oficiais
officer policial
nottingham nottingham
nervous nervosa
mystery mistério
movie cinema
movement movimento
motor motor
molly molly
missed senti
missed perdi
meeting encontro
marlene marlene
manual manual
makeup maquiagem
magazines revistas
lover amante
louie louie
looking olhar
lombardi lombardi
listen ouvidos
lipstick batom
liberty liberdade
knows sabem
killer matador
kidding brincadeira
karen karen
jupiter júpiter
jessie jessie
jacket casaco
interrupt interromper
intentions intenções
idiots idiotas
houston houston
homicide homicídios
himself próprio
helps ajuda
heinz heinz
healthy saudável
harmony harmonia
hardy hardy
guest convidado
grows cresce
grass grama
grade série
going passando
germany alemanha
gates portões
freeze parado
found descobriu
fought lutou
films filmes
figure descobrir
fields fields
falling caindo
explain explique
exist existe
excellency excelência
eventually eventualmente
erica erica
elwood elwood
eclipse eclipse
easily facilmente
drive dirija
double dobro
dictatorship ditadura
davies davies
daughter fiiha
continue continue
connection ligação
clearly claramente
classes aulas
citizens cidadãos
christ nossa
certainly certeza
centuries séculos
celebrate celebrar
casey casey
buying comprando
butterfly borboleta
burton burton
buddy buddy
bright brilhante
black negra
before diante
beers cervejas
bedtime dormir
beautiful lindas
batman morcego
bastards bastardos
bacon bacon
awake acordado
authorities autoridades
armies exércitos
ariel ariel
apologies desculpas
actors atores
youth juventude
write escreveu
worry preocupem
worked trabalhou
winter winter
wendy wendy
waves ondas
vehicle veículo
unhappy infeliz
twilight bingo
turtle tartaruga
tuesday terça
trouble encrencado
trigger gatilho
train treinar
towns cidade
thursday quinta
thoughts pensamentos
thought pensado
terrible horrível
tennessee tennessee
talked falamos
swords espadas
strike strike
strength forças
stillwater stillwater
stayed ficado
split dividir
spiritual espiritual
species espécie
small pequenos
simply simplesmente
sides lados
short curto
sector setor
salad salada
russian russo
ronald ronald
riley riley
results resultados
regina regina
reactor reator
rather prefere
promise prometer
prince prince
prefer prefere
prayers preces
practice praticar
potatoes batatas
policy política
poison veneno
poems poemas
players jogadores
platoon pelotão
picture fotografia
parole condicional
parking estacionamento
pageant concurso
novel romance
nightmares pesadelos
mysterious misterioso
murray murray
motherfucker desgraçado
morpheus morpheus
mizoguchi mizoguchi
minutes minutes
mighty poderoso
mercy misericórdia
medal medalha
matilda matilda
marino marino
manager empresário
managed conseguiu
looking atrás
location localização
levels níveis
leave deixarei
laundry lavanderia
ladies damas
known soubesse
kissing beijando
killers assassinos
kathy kathy
japanese japoneses
irish irlandês
invasion invasão
interesting interessantes
indian índio
humor humor
however entanto
helicopter helicóptero
happening havendo
gunther gunther
grievous grievous
goddamn maldição
generations gerações
furniture móveis
friend amigos
freak aberração
found achado
formula fórmula
forgotten esquecido
forgive perdoar
forget esquecerei
finish termine
finished terminou
finished acabou
fiancé noivo
fever febre
extremely extremamente
expect espero
expected esperava
exercise exercício
excuse desculpem
exact exato
every sempre
evergreen evergreen
ernie ernie
ennis ennis
enjoy aproveite
empty vazia
durden durden
droids robôs
dream sonhar
downtown centro
downstairs embaixo
double duplo
dolphin golfinho
dishes pratos
denmark dinamarca
democracy democracia
crazy doido
crawford crawford
cousins primos
corporation corporação
cooper cooper
comrades companheiros
cockroaches baratas
coalition coligação
classy classe
circumstances circunstâncias
chose escolheu
chess xadrez
check olhada
charity caridade
change mudam
celebrate comemorar
brooklyn brooklyn
briefcase pasta
bride noiva
brazil brasil
brave corajoso
boats barcos
black negros
bills contas
beginning início
beechwood beachwood
baxter baxter
audition audição
assistance ajuda
arroway arroway
apparently parece
apologize desculpar
anniversary aniversário
alright certo
alive vivas
admire admiro
actually realidade
absolutely claro
youngsters rapazes
workers trabalhadores
wisdom sabedoria
willing disposto
wellesley wellesley
wearing vestindo
wasting perdendo
wanted queríamos
walking caminhando
vodka vodka
valley valley
upset chateado
understands entende
tryin tentando
trinity trinity
torture tortura
titus titus
tight apertado
tickets bilhetes
though apesar
thorny thorny
thinking pensado
think achei
thankyou obrigada
terrence terrence
tequila tequila
temperature temperatura
telling contar
symbol símbolo
sweetheart querido
surveillance vigilância
summer summer
student estudante
structure estrutura
stewart stewart
steps passos
spies espiões
skipper skipper
should deviam
shoot matar
shoot atirem
shift turno
shall devemos
secretary secretaria
school faculdade
school aulas
scare assustar
saved salvei
santos santos
salmon salmão
rouge rouge
rocks pedras
rifle rifle
reynald reynald
return voltem
return retorno
records discos
quick depressa
promotion promoção
profile perfil
pounds quilos
positions posições
plummer plummer
plumber encanador
pierre pierre
password senha
partner sócio
papers papéis
painful doloroso
oxygen oxigênio
osborne osborne
oracle oráculo
options opções
naturally naturalmente
moulin moulin
morrison morrison
moron idiota
modern moderna
mitch mitch
method método
metal metal
melissa melissa
meaning significado
meanies maldosos
maury maury
martha martha
margaret margaret
mankind humanidade
makes torna
makes deixa
magda magda
lorraine lorraine
lonely solitárias
lomax lomax
lobster lagosta
liver fígado
listening escutando
lions leões
limits limites
learned aprendeu
learn aprendeu
known conhecida
known conheço
knowing sabendo
kinsey kinsey
jesus minha
january janeiro
invited convidou
intelligent inteligente
instrument instrumento
impressed impressionado
hudson hudson
however entretanto
honour honra
hired contratou
helen helena
hammer martelo
halloween halloween
green green
grave túmulo
goldi goldi
galaxy galáxia
forgiveness perdão
forget esqueço
floyd floyd
flashlight lanterna
finnegan finnegan
final última
fellas pessoal
führer führer
exciting emocionante
every every
egypt egito
effort esforço
dilbeck dilbeck
defeat derrota
decisions decisões
dealers traficantes
dangerous perigosos
damian damian
curious curioso
courtesan cortesã
community comunitário
communists comunistas
comes chega
coach técnico
close fecha
chatman chapman
chain cadeia
cents centavos
capable capaz
calls telefonemas
calling ligar
built construído
budget orçamento
bubbles lindinha
bring trago
bringing trazer
bringing trazendo
brave valente
boxes caixas
blocks quarteirões
bitch desgraçado
birthday parabéns
betrayed traiu
belong pertence
battles batalhas
barry barry
babies filhos
aware ciente
autograph autógrafo
ashes cinzas
ashamed envergonhado
annette annette
allegra allegra
adele adele
accidents acidentes
ability habilidade
wrong errados
wrong aconteceu
worse piores
woods bosque
women mulher
wolter wolter
wilson wilson
wednesday quarta
warning aviso
warning avisando
understand entendendo
unconscious inconsciente
transport transporte
track pista
tools ferramentas
tickets ingressos
thinking pensei
theirs deles
testify testemunhar
telling falando
taxes impostos
talked conversamos
taking tirar
takes preciso
sword excalibur
survivors sobreviventes
surprises surpresas
suite suíte
suggest sugere
start começou
sports sports
spoke falou
spheres esferas
spend gastar
speaking falar
space espacial
smells cheiro
sleep dormem
should devêssemos
shane shane
senses sentidos
samples amostras
salvation salvação
sacha sacha
rumors rumores
rufus rufus
round rodada
roots raízes
romans romanos
ridiculous ridícula
return retornar
reptilians répteis
reporter repórter
relatives parentes
redman redman
realized percebi
reaily realmente
ready prontas
reading leitura
reaction reação
ranger ranger
raise levante
rainey rainey
quick rápida
quentin quentin
quality qualidade
punishment punição
pretty bonito
poories pobretões
plastic plástico
physical físico
photographer fotógrafo
penny centavo
patti patty
paper jornal
pancakes panquecas
paint tinta
outfit roupa
operations operações
onboard bordo
often vezes
office gabinete
normal normais
nicolas nicolas
newspapers jornais
newspaper jornal
necronomicon necronomicon
myself sozinha
murdered assassinado
morphine morfina
miles quilômetros
might podem
mention mencionar
menelaus menelau
media mídia
mayhem destruição
mariachi mariachi
manuela manuela
mandy mandy
mammoth mamute
maharajah marajá
loved adorava
lived vivia
lived viveu
lived viveram
liked gostou
leaving saindo
least mínimo
leaders líderes
latin latim
laramie laramie
lancaster lancaster
known soube
known conheci
ketchup ketchup
junco junco
janet janet
investment investimento
instruments instrumentos
institute instituto
indeed realmente
importance importância
imaginary imaginário
hurricane furacão
hoover hoover
honest honesta
holes buracos
hidden escondida
hendricks hendricks
heather heather
heard escutou
guilt culpa
ground terra
grissom grissom
great fantástico
gravity gravidade
grateful grato
grades notas
gotcha peguei
gollum gollum
golden dourada
going andando
glenda glenda
glasses copos
getting chegando
fraternity fraternidade
forgotten esqueceu
forgive desculpe
first começo
finished acabei
fights lutas
fighters lutadores
fifth quinto
fields campos
fergus fergus
fantastic fantástica
falcone falcone
fabulous fabulosa
excuses desculpas
everybody mundo
escaped escapou
either qualquer
dubai dubai
drunk bêbada
drumlin drumlin
drive dirige
drink drink
dragons dragões
divine divina
disgusting nojento
diana diana
deserve mereço
dancer dançarina
crystal cristal
cripple aleijado
count conta
could podiam
convoy comboio
construction construção
conflict conflito
confirmed confirmado
confirm confirmar
conference coletiva
condition estado
condemned condenados
concerned preocupado
computers computadores
completely totalmente
commodore comandante
commissioner comissário
comedy comédia
clock relógio
charges acusações
changed mudei
championship campeonato
butter manteiga
brought trouxeram
brought trazido
brody brody
broadway broadway
brendan brendan
brandt brandt
bothering incomodando
boring chato
bitch vadia
bingo crepúsculo
below abaixo
barbara barbara
baker baker
avenue avenida
assholes idiotas
asshole cuzão
asking pedir
asked pediram
arizona arizona
argentina argentina
alpha alpha
aggressive agressivo
agamemnon agamemnon
advice conselhos
advanced avançada
account conta
accent sotaque
abandon abandonar
yawara yawara
working trabalha
worked trabalhava
wonder imagino
wladimir wladimir
wishes desejos
winnebago trailer
whore prostituta
whitney whitney
whiskey uísque
which quais
waters águas
watching observando
warren warren
wanna queremos
waitin esperando
waited esperei
volume volume
vocês vocês
vienna viena
vermont vermont
verbal verbal
ventura ventura
venice veneza
underwear cueca
under embaixo
unacceptable inaceitável
tutsi tutsis
tunnels túneis
trying queria
trying querendo
troubles problemas
trouble apuros
tried tentamos
tricks truques
trenton trenton
transferred transferido
tooth dente
thumb polegar
threatening ameaçando
therefore portanto
teach ensino
tapes fitas
sylvia sylvia
swallow engolir
suspect suspeita
survivor sobrevivente
supposed devia
superior superior
studying estudando
street street
strategy estratégia
stockings meias
started começamos
staring olhando
spider aranha
species espécies
spain espanha
someone aiguém
sixth sexto
sirius sirius
should tenho
shooter shooter
shirts camisas
ships navios
sheik sheike
share dividir
shampoo xampu
shall podemos
shake shake
several vários
sephiroth sephiroth
sentence sentença
secretary secretária
scream gritar
scotty scotty
scares assusta
scare assusta
scale escala
sarcasm sarcasmo
sales vendas
rubber borracha
rosie rosie
rookie novato
return devolver
remembers lembra
remember lembram
relax relaxa
relax calma
reinaldo reinaldo
reasons motivos
ready preparar
radar radar
prove prove
proposal proposta
proof provas
problems problema
priscilla priscilla
pretending fingindo
popcorn pipoca
police poiícia
point questão
playing brincar
player jogador
planned planejado
piano piano
phones telefones
paulie paulie
patrol patrulha
parade desfile
order pedido
opposite oposto
observation observação
nunez nunez
northern norte
nickname apelido
nerds nerds
nations nações
muscles músculos
motive motivo
morning manhãs
monty monty
montana montana
models modelos
missing desaparecida
mickey mickey
michelle michelle
memories memórias
medicine medicina
medication medicação
maurice maurice
massacre massacre
marvellous maravilhosa
marijuana marijuana
magnificent magnífico
limit limite
lifted elevado
library biblioteca
lewis lewis
legal legal
leaving partindo
learning aprendendo
learn aprende
learn aprenda
latest última
large large
kubik kubik
known saber
knock bater
katsumoto katsumoto
katherine katherine
jealous inveja
ironic irônico
invited convidado
invention invenção
invented inventou
interested interessa
insurance seguros
inspector inspetor
industry indústria
impress impressionar
impressed impressionada
imagine imagina
imagined imaginei
illness doença
iceland islândia
hunting caçando
humble humilde
homicide homicídio
highly altamente
helped ajudei
hearing ouvindo
heads cabeça
harder difícil
happened passou
happen acontece
hannibal hannibal
hangar hangar
haise hayes
habits hábitos
green verdes
greatest melhor
grace graça
gordes gordes
goodness bondade
going saindo
goddamn merda
glorious glorioso
ghost ghost
funny piada
fucked fodido
fridge geladeira
french francesa
fourth quarto
found descobri
fought lutei
fossa fussas
fools tolos
festival festival
federation federação
false falso
faking fingindo
failure fracasso
extraordinary extraordinária
explosives explosivos
expect esperar
excrement merda
evidence evidência
eternity eternidade
envelope envelope
engine motor
engaged noiva
elves elfos
electricity eletricidade
eagle águia
dynamite dinamite
drugs droga
driving dirigir
drinks bebidas
dream pesadelo
drama drama
discussion discussão
direct direta
diary diário
destroyed destruiu
destroyed destruída
desperate desesperado
demons demônios
defending defendendo
damage danos
customer cliente
curiosity curiosidade
creed creed
creation criação
created criado
course lógico
count conde
could possamos
correct certo
corpse cadáver
comrades camaradas
complain complain
commercial comercial
comic quadrinhos
coast costeira
close próximo
closed fechado
clever inteligente
classic clássico
claire claire
civil civil
chosen escolhido
chloe chloe
chill calma
chest cofre
check verifique
changed mudaram
changed mudado
chances chances
chance chances
certain certa
cecilia cecília
castro castro
called telefonou
buying comprar
buried enterrado
bunny coelho
bullshit bobagem
boarding internato
blocks quadras
better meihor
believe acreditem
being ficar
begbie begble
beautiful bonitas
bastard filho
basket cesta
bartleby bartleby
banana banana
backpack mochila
attractive atraente
assassin assassino
arrest prender
arrested preso
archers arqueiros
appreciate aprecio
apostle apóstolo
apology desculpa
angelo angelo
ambush emboscada
amazing incríveis
alien alienígena
algren algren
ahead adiante
after quando
adventures aventuras
absurd absurdo
absolutely certeza
abandoned abandonou
yards jardas
write escrevo
write anote
would teriam
would querem
would fariam
wormer wormer
working dando
wisconsin wisconsin
winston winston
where quando
whatever qualquer
weird estranha
weakness fraqueza
watch vejam
walls muros
walking andar
vietnamese vietnamita
vehicles veículos
vader vader
ursula ursula
unique único
understand entenderia
turning tornando
trunk malas
totem totem
torpedo torpedo
throw vomitar
through passando
those estes
thing coisas
there haverá
there assim
théoden théoden
thank agradeça
tests testes
terrific ótimo
terribly sinto
temporary temporário
tells disse
tattoos tatuagens
target objetivo
taking tomar
tables mesas
switzerland suíça
sweet sweet
swear jurar
surrender rendição
supreme supremo
supplies suprimentos
suffer sofrer
suffered sofreu
subway metrô
stuff material
stratton stratton
strange estranhos
straight direito
stole roubaram
stevens stevens
statue estátua
stations estações
stand ficar
stadium estádio
squire escudeiro
spooner spooner
spear lança
speak falamos
sound parecer
songs músicas
somehow maneira
somehow forma
sober sóbrio
snake serpente
smoking fumando
slept dormido
sleep durmo
skywalker skywalker
skipper capitão
sitar cítara
sierra sierra
should precisa
short pouco
shooting atirando
sheila sheila
sexual sexuais
session sessão
serious sérios
series série
seiko saiko
seattle seattle
schools escolas
scaring assustando
scandal escândalo
santa santa
sanford sanford
sandwich sanduíche
salary salário
saladin saladin
rusty rusty
running correr
round round
roses rosas
rodney rodney
rising subindo
right vamos
right exato
respectable respeitável
resist resistir
remote remoto
remember lembrará
refrigerator geladeira
reese reese
received recebi
reasonable razoável
realized conta
reaily mesmo
raining chovendo
raccoon racoon
pumbaa pumba
public pública
publicity publicidade
psyched empolgado
private soldado
potter potter
point razão
podacter podacter
plenty muito
plenty bastante
playing tocando
plate placa
plant planta
pirate piratas
pillow travesseiro
picnic piquenique
physical física
pepper pimenta
payment pagamento
paying pagar
patrick patrick
particular particular
otter lontra
opening abrindo
ooooh ooooh
ohara ohara
objections objeção
noticed notei
norman norman
newton newton
needed precisamos
necessarily necessariamente
nebuchadnezzar nabucodonozor
musicians músicos
moved mudamos
motion moção
moses moses
morty morty
mortal mortal
moore moore
missing perdendo
missing faltando
missing desaparecido
missed saudades
miserable miserável
miranda miranda
mille mille
military exército
midland midland
mersin mersin
merci merci
menace ameaça
medic médico
medication remédio
medical médica
mechanism mecanismo
meadow prado
maybe possivelmente
matters importante
matter interessa
matter assunto
marsh pântano
marlin marlin
marks marks
marks marcas
markovski markovski
manager agente
malcolm malcolm
majestic majestic
madame madame
macfarlane macfariane
lying mentir
lucius lucius
loved adorei
london london
locked trancada
literally literalmente
listen escutar
lilly lilly
likely provável
lifestream lifestream
leaves deixa
leather couro
largeman largeman
language linguagem
knows saiba
killer assassina
killed mortos
kidnapping seqüestro
kentucky kentucky
kansas kansas
jewelry jóias
jelly geléia
jefferson jefferson
jealous ciúmes
javier javier
isabel isabel
involved envolver
invisible invisível
institution instituição
instinct instinto
inspector inspetora
indians índios
incredibly incrivelmente
impression impressão
impact impacto
illusion ilusão
ignore ignorar
ideal ideal
iater depois
hyenas hienas
husbands maridos
hurting machucando
huggy huggy
hotel hotei
hoping espero
hoping esperando
homes casas
holly holly
hired contratei
highway rodovia
height altura
heart heart
happen aconteceria
habit hábito
gross nojento
gregoire gregoire
greer greer
great maravilhoso
grateful agradecido
going houve
going aconteceu
goddamn porra
ginjo ginjo
getting sendo
garcia garcia
fusion fusão
friendly amigável
freak louco
found encontrada
forgot esquecemos
forehead testa
flies moscas
fishing pescar
first primeiras
fired demitido
financial financeiro
fight enfrentar
female mulher
federico federico
fascinating fascinante
farewell adeus
expression expressão
explain explica
except menos
evidence evidências
escaped fugiu
emotion emoção
election eleição
easter páscoa
dudes caras
dressed vestido
drawer gaveta
doubts dúvidas
dormer dormer
doris doris
doorman porteiro
dolores dolores
doing feito
doing fazia
division divisão
disgusting repugnante
dignity dignidade
dicks caralhos
device dispositivo
development desenvolvimento
detail detalhes
detail detalhe
dessert sobremesa
deeply profundamente
davey davey
dahlia dahlia
cured curado
culture cultura
creedy creedy
cowboy cowboy
covered coberto
cousin prima
could pudéssemos
could poderá
could conseguia
cosmo cosmo
copies cópias
conspiracy conspiração
consider considerar
consequences conseqüências
confess confessar
condition problema
concern preocupação
communication comunicação
comics revistas
comfortable vontade
column coluna
colleagues colegas
check olhem
check conta
chance acaso
champ champ
cards cartas
cards cartões
cannot podem
calendar calendário
butler mordomo
burned queimou
built construiu
bring trará
bring tragam
break pausa
brazilian brasileiro
brains cérebro
bradley bradley
bowie bowie
blues blues
blanket manta
biily billy
bells idiotas
believe acreditaria
believe acreditamos
beaze beaze
beard barba
beach beach
badge distintivo
awake acordada
available disponível
assholes cuzões
assassins assassinos
ashamed vergonha
archer archer
aquatics aquáticos
anyway afinal
animal animais
angry zangado
andrea andrea
ancient antigo
ancestors ancestrais
aladdin aladdin
agree concordar
agree concorda
agony agonia
admit admite
acres acres
younger jovem
wuzzy wuzzy
writes escreve
writers escritores
would daria
worst piores
worried preocupados
working trabalho
wondering saber
wonderful maravilha
widow viúva
whitmore whitmore
white white
whale baleia
watch assista
warned avisei
waiter garçom
waffles waffles
visitor visita
visiting visitando
vertical vertical
version versão
vaako vaako
useless inúteis
union sindicato
umbrella chuva
tuxedo smoking
tumor tumor
trying tentei
trojans troianos
trimble trimble
treason traição
traveling viajando
touched tocou
torpedoes torpedos
together junto
times times
tiffany tiffany
threatened ameaçou
thirty trinta
third terço
themselves mesmos
testing testando
territory território
temptation tentação
taught ensinei
taking pegar
sweetie docinho
supposed suposto
suggestion sugestão
successful sucesso
stuck presa
stranger estranha
story matéria
stores lojas
stopped parei
stopped pararam
still quieto
steady firme
stayed ficou
start começamos
starfleet frota
standing parado
spoke falava
sparta esparta
spanish espanhol
sophisticated sofisticado
something algum
solve resolver
solina solina
small pequenas
sloan sloan
sight visão
shrink psiquiatra
shows mostra
should melhor
should devias
shots tiros
shoot atira
shirts camisetas
shields escudos
sheets lençóis
shakespeare shakespeare
several várias
serial série
sense sinto
selling vender
seeds sementes
search procurar
script roteiro
scientific científico
saxons saxões
saving salvando
saved salvo
sadness tristeza
sacrifice sacrificar
sachiko sachiko
romantic romântica
roberts roberts
robbery assalto
rings anéis
rhythm ritmo
return volta
retire aposentar
responsibilities responsabilidades
respect respeitar
resources recursos
resnick resnick
resistance resistência
requested pediu
replace substituir
repeat repita
remove remover
reinforcements reforços
regret arrepender
recording gravação
reach alcançar
raise criar
raise aumento
quiet quietos
pussies xerecas
promised prometido
professionals profissionais
production produção
producer produtor
problem probiema
prison cadeia
principles princípios
pretty lindo
presents presentes
preparing preparando
prepared preparados
prentiss prentiss
preliminary preliminar
precious preciosa
practice prática
possibly possivelmente
polenin polenin
pleasures prazeres
pills comprimidos
philadelphia filadélfia
phantom fantasma
perspective perspectiva
people alguém
pennebaker pennebaker
passengers passageiros
parton parton
paparazzi paparazzi
pacific pacífico
outfit grupo
ourselves mesmos
otherwise contrário
orlov orlov
opening estréia
offering oferecendo
obviously óbvio
obsession obsessão
objective objetivo
nicolas nicholas
needs necessidades
natasha natasha
murdock murdock
murder homicídio
munson munson
moving movimento
mountain mountain
moses moisés
morrow morrow
morpheus morfeu
missing falta
missed errou
minute instante
milly milly
mikki mikki
merry merry
memories lembranças
marine fuzileiro
marcy marcy
maintain manter
loyal leais
loved amado
lookin procurando
lookin olhando
logic lógica
lndian índio
living vivos
little pequenas
listening ouvir
letting deixando
leeds leeds
leaves folhas
laundry roupa
lancelot lancelot
koran coran
knives facas
killed morrer
keymaker chaveiro
kennedy kennedy
kathryn kathryn
jungle floresta
juice juice
jelly jelly
jankis jankis
jacki jacki
ister ister
isolated isolado
isildur isildur
international internacionais
infected infectado
infantry infantaria
inevitable inevitável
including inclusive
impossible impossivel
importantly importante
immortal imortal
ideas ideias
hospitals hospitais
hopes esperanças
hoped esperava
honesty honestidade
homework dever
hobby hobby
hobbit hobbit
hitting bater
himself sozinho
herbert herbert
helping ajudar
heller heller
hearts coração
hatcher hatcher
happens aconteça
happen acontecesse
happen aconteça
handle conta
hammond hammond
hallway corredor
gutter sarjeta
growth crescimento
grimes grimes
greetings saudações
great incrível
great excelente
great ótimas
gratitude gratidão
grand grand
goodbye tchau
going iremos
going fazendo
gloves luvas
glorious gloriosa
ginger ginger
general generai
gasoline gasolina
fruit frutas
freezing congelando
freely livremente
forms formas
forget esqueci
follow segue
followed seguiu
folks amigos
foder foder
focus concentrar
flying voadora
fleet frota
finish final
finished terminar
fight lutem
fight combater
fears medos
favorite favorite
falls falls
failed falhou
experiment experiência
exhibition exibição
everywhere lados
enterprise enterprise
ensign alferes
engines motores
emotions emoções
embarrassing embaraçoso
einstein einstein
eaten comido
earlier antes
dwarves anões
duryea duryea
drink tomar
dreamed sonhei
dooku dookan
discovered descobri
difficult difíceis
different outra
dickey dickey
diapers fraldas
deucey deuce
deuce deuce
detention detenção
desouza desouza
derelicte mendigo
depression depressão
dementors dementadores
definitely certeza
decide decide
debts dívidas
davis davis
darko darko
dallas dallas
curtains cortinas
crockett crockett
crimer criminoso
cried chorou
crater cratera
counts conta
country campo
constitution constituição
constable policial
considered considerado
consider considere
connie connie
confirmed confirmada
conditions condições
compartment compartimento
communications comunicações
commitment compromisso
command ordeno
coming entrando
comes chegar
combination combinação
cobra cobra
clyde clyde
clowns palhaços
clothing roupas
clear limpa
class aulas
civilian civil
choir coral
chimpo chimpanzé
cherry cereja
cheetah chiita
chasing perseguindo
character caráter
chairman presidente
certain certas
cells celas
cellar porão
celebrities celebridades
cause cause
capacity capacidade
calls ligar
célestin célestin
cabin cabana
built construída
brother irmãozinho
brooke brooke
britain bretanha
bring trarei
breath fôlego
break parem
bookkeeper contador
blossom florzinha
block bloco
blame culpo
blame culpar
belly barriga
believing acreditar
believed acreditei
begging implorando
baseball baseball
backup apoio
awhile tempo
awake acordou
australia austrália
assure garanto
aspirin aspirina
arrive chegar
arrest preso
argue discutir
appleton appleton
apollo apolo
answer responde
another outros
announce anunciar
angry raiva
angel angei
ambassador embaixador
amazing impressionante
amazing fantástico
alone sozinhas
allergic alérgica
airplane avião
aires aires
ahead prossiga
agency agência
again repetir
afterwards depois
after afinal
administration administração
activities atividades
acting agindo
accept aceito
about quase
young rapaz
write anotar
worse piorar
worlds mundos
woods bosques
wonder pergunto
wondering perguntando
wolves lobos
winning vencer
whole inteiramente
whisky uísque
wheelchair rodas
wells poços
welcome vinda
waste desperdiçar
warsaw varsóvia
voula voula
veins veias
vegetarian vegetariano
values valores
urine urina
urgent urgente
upset chateada
until antes
unknown desconhecido
unique única
union união
understand entenderam
understand entendemos
understand compreender
under sobre
under baixo
typical típico
twins gêmeos
tuttle tuttle
tubes tubos
truly verdadeiramente
trouble trabalho
trouble encrencados
transportation transporte
transmission transmissão
trains trens
training treinar
training treinando
tragic trágico
trade trocar
towns cidades
tournament torneio
tourists turistas
tough dureza
touched tocado
totally completamente
tokyo tóquio
tires pneus
tired cansei
tinkles tinkles
timon timão
tijuana tijuana
tigers tigres
tigers tigers
ticket bilhete
thought imaginei
thorn thorn
think pensava
think achas
think achamos
thief ladra
these destas
there calma
thank ainda
teenager adolescente
technique técnica
teaching ensinar
targets alvos
tanks tanques
talking conversar
tales contos
survived sobrevivi
suggest sugerir
subject sujeito
study estudo
student aluna
strange estranhas
stopping parando
stitches pontos
stick fique
stegman stegman
steele steele
stealing roubando
station batalhão
states estados
starting começar
stand stand
squad esquadrão
spoon colher
spoke falei
spike spike
spiders aranhas
sphere esfera
speech sermão
sound barulho
somethin alguma
solar solar
sniper atirador
sméagol sméagol
sitting sentar
single único
silent silêncio
signals sinais
sibel sibel
showing mostrando
shortcut atalho
short curta
shoot disparar
shinzon shinzon
shinra shinra
shellie shelley
share partilhar
sewer esgoto
serious séria
second minuto
scotch scotch
scion descendente
schittville schittville
schedule agenda
scars cicatrizes
scarface scarface
saying ditado
savage selvagem
sauce molho
safer seguro
rumors boatos
ruined arruinou
roommate companheira
roberto roberto
rimet rimet
right problema
right neste
right exatamente
revolutionary revolucionário
return troca
retirement aposentadoria
result resultado
responsibility responsabilidades
response resposta
research pesquisas
remember lembrarei
remain permanecer
relief alívio
rehearsing ensaiando
rehearsal ensaio
regular normal
refuse recusar
redmond redmond
recognize reconhecer
recent recente
receive receber
realize percebi
ready preparada
ransom resgate
racehorse corridas
racehorse cavalo
quite bastante
quiet quieta
psycho psicopata
psychopath psicopata
proud orgulhosos
prototype protótipo
protocol protocolo
programs programas
probably talvez
prepare prepare
porch varanda
polite educado
polar polar
poisoned envenenado
point momento
pleasant agradável
playing jogar
playin brincando
plate prato
planets planetas
pipes canos
picture filme
picard picard
phrase frase
photo fotografia
phenomenon fenômeno
pervert pervertido
perfect perfeitos
percent cento
paulson paulsen
particularly particularmente
particles partículas
parking estacionar
parasites parasitas
papers documentos
otherwise senão
other conhecemos
orphanage orfanato
order pedir
orchid orquídea
opening abrir
older velha
often freqüência
nuclear nuclear
nowhere lugar
noticed notou
noise ruído
nobody ninguem
nikki nikki
niggas negros
niece sobrinha
nerves nervos
neighbor vizinho
necklace colar
nathan nathan
nails unhas
musical musical
munder munder
moving mudando
moves movimentos
moscow moscou
morton morton
moron imbecil
morning amanhã
monsieur monsieur
modern moderno
mississippi mississipi
milord senhor
memory lembrança
meantime enquanto
mayday mayday
materials materiais
matata matata
masters mestres
massachusetts massachusetts
married casei
marijuana maconha
manners maneiras
mammon mammon
making cometendo
mafia máfia
macro orcem
lydia lydia
lucifer lúcifer
louise louise
loser otário
lizard lizard
lifetime inteira
lifestyle estilo
license documentos
letterman letterman
leave deixaria
lawyer advogada
laureen loraine
launch lançar
krunch krunch
kinds tipos
killed matamos
kiddo garoto
kelson keison
keller keller
keeps mantém
katrina katrina
judge julgar
journey jornada
josie josie
jonathan jonathan
jolly jolly
jessica jéssica
jenkins jenkins
jamaican jamaicano
jaguar jaguar
island island
iooking procurando
invite convidar
invest investir
interviews entrevistas
insane loucura
inform informe
informed informado
independence independência
indeed mesmo
imbiruçu imbiruçu
identification identificação
horror horror
hopefully espero
honestly sinceramente
honest honestos
holloway holloway
highway estrada
hiding esconder
helmet capacete
helen helen
hector heitor
heavy pesada
hated odiava
harrison harrison
harper harper
hardly quase
harbor harbor
happier feliz
happens acontecem
handsome bonito
handsome bonitão
hakuna hakuna
hadden hadden
guitar guitarrista
guitar guitarra
guess parece
guarantee garanto
great máximo
great maravilha
grazie grazie
going entrar
going entrando
godfrey godfrey
goddess deusa
girlfriends namoradas
gifts presentes
giant gigantes
german alemães
gently gentilmente
generous generoso
gawain gawain
gammell gammell
gabriel gabriel
fuckin merda
fucking fucking
front diante
friend amiguinho
fresh fresh
frequency freqüência
freddy freddy
franklin franklin
fought lutaram
forward ansioso
follow seguem
fodido fodido
flynn flynn
flank flanco
fisherman pescador
first princípio
finished acabado
finish acabe
fight lutam
fight brigar
fellas companheiros
federal federal
feathers penas
explains explica
expect esperam
expectations expectativas
excuse licensa
excuse iicença
exclusive exclusiva
exception exceção
exactly mesmo
evidence prova
essence essência
ephistian hefestión
enjoy gostar
england lnglaterra
edgar edgar
ector ector
eaten comeu
dwarfs anões
dressing camarim
drawings desenhos
drank bebeu
dracula dracula
dozen dúzia
donkey burro
dolphins dolphins
doing fazemos
dodgers dodgers
doctor médica
discovered descobriu
discount discount
discount desconto
disappears desaparece
differences diferenças
desrochelles desrochelles
desperate desesperados
desperate desesperada
department bombeiros
denzel denzel
dentist dentista
denied negou
denahi denahi
delmarco deimarco
delighting divertido
deitrich deitrich
decided decidido
dangerous perigosas
dakota dakota
daggra daggra
curve efeito
cursed maldito
cross atravessar
crazy maluca
cover cubra
cover cobrir
course ciaro
couples casais
costs custa
cooperation cooperação
cooperate cooperar
cookies biscoitos
convinced convencido
contracts contratos
considering considerando
consciousness consciência
conquer conquistar
confirmation confirmação
confidential confidencial
concentration concentração
compared comparado
companion companheiro
closing fechando
closed fechou
closed fechada
chips batatas
child crianças
chicks garotas
chewie chewie
cheap barata
charming charmoso
chance arriscar
champagne champagne
chairs cadeiras
chains correntes
certainty certeza
certain certos
centre centro
celebrating celebrando
cathedral catedral
casino cassino
carolina carolina
careful cuidadoso
cardigan casaquinho
candy doces
cancan cancã
canadian canadense
calvin calvin
called ligado
called chamavam
cairo cairo
buttons botões
buttercup docinho
buenos buenos
buddy parceiro
bubble bolha
brett brett
breathe respira
breasts seios
breakfast desjejum
brandon brandon
brand marca
brake brake
brains miolos
bought compraram
bother incomodar
borrow emprestado
booey booey
blond loiro
blame culpe
blame culpa
bitten mordido
bitch piranha
biscotte biscotte
bigger maiores
bigalow bigalow
bernie bernie
benjamin benjamin
belong lugar
beings seres
beeman beeman
beaver castor
beaver beaver
beautiful lindos
bathtub banheira
bastards desgraçados
bastard canalha
bartender barman
barbossa barbosa
backyard quintal
backup reforço
babylon babilônia
awful terrível
audience audiência
asleep dormir
asked convidou
artists artistas
arrogant arrogante
arnie arnie
appropriate apropriado
appetite apetite
appeared apareceu
anyway enfim
answer atender
answer atenda
anonymous anônimo
annie annie
angle ângulo
american american
amateurs amadores
although apesar
allow permita
album álbum
agreed acordo
affirmative afirmativo
adults adultos
adult adulto
admit admito
addict viciado
adams adams
activated ativado
accepted aceito
absence ausência
about falar
about acerca
yourselves vocês
yogurt iogurte
yelling gritando
xanten xanten
wrote anotei
wrong enganada
wrong acontecendo
wrist pulso
wound ferimento
would queria
would poderiam
would deixaria
worry preocupa
worked trabalha
wonderful maravilhosos
winner ganhador
winesap winesap
willis willis
whatever queira
wentawaygo wentawaygo
water water
watch preste
watch olhar
watch olhando
waste perder
wanna wanna
wanna queira
wanda wanda
vitamins vitaminas
virginia virgínia
video video
victor victor
victoria victoria
viagra viagra
vargo vargo
vamos vamos
uniforms uniformes
unexpected inesperado
underwear cuecas
understood entendido
understood entendi
understood entendeu
understand entendido
understand entenderá
understand compreende
twist twist
turkey turquia
trousers calças
trouble encrenca
trisha trisha
trinke trinke
treated tratado
traps armadilhas
trained treinados
towers towers
towards direção
toulouse toulouse
touch toquem
torture torturar
topper topper
tomas tomás
toilet banheiro
titanic titanic
ticket ingresso
thumper tambor
three terceiro
though entanto
those estas
think pensem
theories teorias
their delas
theatre teatro
theater cinema
testicles testículos
terrible horríveis
tension tensão
taste provar
takes demora
tactics táticas
swimming nadar
sweater suéter
swamp pântano
survived sobreviveu
surrounded cercados
surrounded cercado
surely certamente
sunrise nascer
stupid estupidez
stupid estúpidas
stronger fortes
strictly estritamente
story anedota
stomp vibrar
still parado
steve stevie
stevenson stevenson
stephan stephan
stealing roubar
staying ficando
status status
station delegacia
state state
start recomeçar
start começam
staring encarando
stapler grampeador
standing aguardando
standard padrão
staff equipe
stable estável
square square
squad esquadra
splendid esplêndido
spite apesar
spinach espinafre
spider spider
spent passou
spend passa
specific específico
speak falam
sources fontes
sorry desculpar
sofia sofia
snakes cobras
smaller menor
slide slide
sleep dormimos
sleep dormia
skill habilidade
sister irmãzinha
single solteira
singer singer
simple simple
simms simms
silver forro
signed assinou
signed assinado
shrimp camarão
showing mostrar
shooting atirar
shite merda
shipment carregamento
shining brilhando
shepherd pastor
shelter abrigo
sharp ponto
share parte
shaman shaman
settlement acordo
services serviços
serlano serlano
separate separados
sentence frase
sending mandando
sending enviando
schedule horário
saying dizia
sayin dizendo
saved salvamos
sandpeople areia
salazar saiazar
sails velas
sailors marinheiros
ruins ruínas
ronery sozinho
romulus romulus
robertson robertson
right ótimo
reynolds reynolds
restaurants restaurantes
research investigação
represents representa
reporters repórteres
released libertado
relations relações
relationships relacionamentos
registration habilitação
regiment regimento
recovery recuperação
records registros
reception recepção
reason razões
really realidade
really exatamente
realize percebe
raise levantem
quite tanto
quiet silencioso
questions questões
quesada quesada
queens queens
published publicado
publicists publicistas
protecting proteger
protected protegido
products produtos
probably devem
prior antes
pretty pretty
pretend finja
present apresento
prefer preferir
praying rezar
prague praga
position posições
portokalos portokalos
porsche porsche
politicians políticos
point dizer
point chegar
pockets bolsos
playing tocar
pizzas pizzas
pitch arremesso
piotr piotr
pinot pinot
pilots pilotos
piggy porquinho
pigeon pombo
phone telefônica
phillips phillips
peter pedro
persian persa
period período
perfume perfume
pepperland pepperland
people ninguém
pennsylvania pensilvânia
peanut manteiga
pattern padrão
passed morreu
passage passagem
pardon licença
palpatine palpatine
paint pintura
paintings pinturas
painting pintura
others outras
orphans órfãos
orphan órfão
ordered pediu
opposite contrário
operate operar
officer agente
office consultório
ocean ocean
notice notar
noticed notado
nipples mamilos
nelson nelson
neill óneil
neighbor vizinha
negotiations negociações
needle agulha
nazareth nazaré
murders assassinatos
murder matar
murderers assassinos
murder crime
moving mexendo
mouse ratinho
monat monat
moment instante
moffitt moffit
mississippi mississippi
missing sumiu
militia milícia
mikey mikey
might pudesse
miggs miggs
methods métodos
metatron metatron
messenger mensageiro
merrin merrin
mercy clemência
memphis memphis
melon melão
measures medidas
meant queria
mcmanus mcmanus
maureen maureen
matter importar
matter acontecendo
match páreo
massage massagem
married casamos
marquez márquez
marquez marquez
marianne marianne
manure esterco
mansion mansão
manning manning
malaysia malásia
majority maioria
mailman carteiro
magnum magnum
magic mágicas
mabel mabel
lying deitado
lovely lindo
looking vendo
looking procuram
looking buscando
looked procurei
lnfection infecção
lnfected infectados
lived morava
listen preste
limited limitado
likes gostou
lightning relâmpago
license licença
license carteira
leave saiam
leave largar
learning aprender
leadready leadready
ladder escada
ladder brigada
kriemhild kriemhild
kowalski kowalski
killed morta
kidnapped seqüestrado
kerak kerac
kaplan kaplan
kaboom kaboom
julia júlia
joker joker
jabba jabba
islands ilhas
interest juros
inspiration inspiração
inside interior
inside entre
initiate iniciar
infinite infinito
infected infectada
indonesia lndonésia
indiana indiana
india índia
improve melhorar
hypergate hiperportal
hurry apresse
however contudo
hospitality hospitalidade
horrorshow horrorshow
homes lares
holland holanda
hired contrataram
himself mesmo
hiding escondidos
hiding escondido
hello estou
helga helga
heavyweight pesos
hearing ouvir
hayes hayes
hawaii havaí
haunted assombrada
harken harken
happening aconteceu
happened aconteceram
guitar violão
guilty culpada
guess acredito
guarantee garantir
growing crescendo
great muito
great ótimos
grand grande
graduation formatura
gondor gondor
going embora
global global
gladiator gladiador
gilbert gilbert
gigolos gigolôs
gigolo gigolô
german alemã
geostigma geostigma
generals generais
general geral
gallery galeria
galikanokus galikanokus
fuzzy fuzzy
funny estranho
funny divertido
frozen congelado
fresher fresher
freeze parados
fraud fraude
franny franny
found encontrar
fought lutamos
fortunately felizmente
fortress fortaleza
forgot esquecido
forgive perdôo
forgetting esquecendo
forest bosque
following seguir
followed seguido
followed segui
fodida fodida
florida florida
floating flutuando
fired despedida
fight lutamos
fighting brigar
fighters caças
fifteen quinze
fiancée noiva
fella amiguinho
february fevereiro
favorite favoritos
fastball rápida
farmer camponês
family famíiia
false falsa
fairies fadas
experiences experiências
expenses despesas
expecting esperava
excited excitado
every qualquer
entering entrando
enjoy gosto
empty vazios
embarrassed vergonha
elvis elvis
elements elementos
elected eleito
easiest superfácil
dying morte
dusty dusty
dunne dunne
duncan duncan
drunk bêbados
drown afogar
droids dróides
driving deixando
drive dirijo
dress vestir
dragon dragon
douglas douglas
dough grana
dorius darius
dominique dominique
dolls bonecas
doctors doutores
diving mergulhando
discovery descoberta
discovered descoberto
dirty sujos
different outro
devils diabos
detroit detroit
detectives detetives
destroyer destruidor
desperation desespero
design projeto
deserve merecem
depressing deprimente
demon demônio
deliver entregar
delicate delicada
deaths mortes
dealing lidando
deadline prazo
dating saindo
current atual
cunningham cunningham
cross cruzar
crippled aleijado
cream creme
cracow cracow
courtesy cortesia
councillor conselheiro
could puder
cosell cosell
cookies bolachas
convenient conveniente
contrary contrário
continues continua
continent continente
contacts contatos
connection conexão
committed cometeu
commercials comerciais
comfort conforto
comfortable confortáveis
cloud nuvem
close quase
close pouco
clinic clínica
clear clara
cleaning limpando
christian cristã
choose escolhe
chimney chaminé
chemicals químicos
cheeseman cheeseman
cheer aplaudir
check vejam
cheap barato
chapter capítulo
channing channing
causes causas
caused causou
catholic católica
cartels cartéis
carpenter carpinteiro
carefully cuidadosamente
capital capital
campus universidade
camera câmara
called chamaram
business assunto
buried enterrados
burdett burdett
bullshit merda
bugsy bugsy
buddy colega
bucket balde
brown marrom
brought trouxemos
brother irmao
broke quebrado
broken quebrou
british britânicos
brick tijolo
bricks tijolos
breeze brisa
breathers respiradores
break quebre
break intervalo
boyle boyle
bottom baixo
borrow emprestar
bored entediado
bonnie bonnie
board conselho
board bordo
blessing benção
blessed abençoado
blackwood blackwood
blacksmith ferreiro
birdie passarinho
biggs biggs
betrayal traição
bethany bethany
beliefs crenças
begin começa
bedrooms quartos
beats melhor
beast animal
beanie gorro
basic básico
baltimore baltimore
balian balian
azkaban azkaban
awesome incrível
autopsy autópsia
authorization autorização
attic sótão
attacked atacaram
atmosphere atmosfera
assure assegurar
assignment tarefa
assault ataque
arrival chegada
around parte
armed armado
arena arena
arctic ártico
architect arquiteto
aragorn aragorn
approaching aproximando
appreciate agradeceria
apology desculpas
announcement anúncio
angel anjinha
amagi amagi
allowed permitido
alcoholic alcoólatra
alabama alabama
agree acordo
afrika áfrica
advantage vantagem
adorable adorável
addiction vício
activate ativar
across através
accused acusado
accounts contas
ability capacidade
ababwa ababwa
zeros zeros
youngest jovem
wyler wyler
wrong passa
written escreveu
write escreve
would viria
would quero
would fosse
would estaria
worthy digno
worth valem
worthless inútil
worse piorando
words letra
wonders maravilhas
wonderful ótimo
women muiheres
wolfe wolfe
witness testemunhar
wishes deseja
winning ganhar
wilfred wilfred
while tempos
wheel volante
whales baleias
werewolf lobisomem
wendell wendell
weather clima
watch cuide
washing lavar
warmth calor
wants queira
wanted gostaria
walsh walsh
waitress garçonete
vulnerable vulnerável
voyage viagem
volunteers voluntários
village cidade
vicki vicki
vernon válter
velma velma
vegetarian vegetariana
valium valium
usual costume
upstairs subir
unstable instável
unlikely improvável
understand percebo
uncomfortable desconfortável
tyson tyson
twombly twombly
twice dobro
tutsi tutsi
turtles tartarugas
turning virando
turkish turco
trying tenta
truly verdade
truck caminhonete
truce trégua
trainer treinador
tracks pegadas
trace tracy
townsville townsville
touching tocar
tomruk tomruk
tokolosh tokolosh
tight firme
thurman thurman
throw atirar
threats ameaças
thought resolvi
thought achamos
think pensamos
thinkin pensar
thing problema
these nessas
these aquelas
there houvesse
terms termos
teaching ensinando
teachers professores
teach ensine
tastes gosto
taste sabor
talking falam
taken tirada
tahoe tahoe
tactical tático
syndrome síndrome
symptoms sintomas
sydney sydney
swore jurou
sweet gentil
sweet doces
swann swand
swallowed engoliu
surrender rendo
supposed tenho
supposed posso
supermarket supermercado
sully sully
suggesting sugerindo
sugar açucar
suffering sofrendo
stupid imbecil
stupid estupido
stupid estúpidos
stupid besteira
stuff negócio
stuff bagulho
studied estudou
strongest fortes
stripper stripper
straight entendi
story historia
stopped paramos
stick enfiar
stations postos
station posto
starving faminto
starts começou
start começaremos
stand suporto
stand suportar
stairs escada
stains manchas
staff funcionários
staci stacie
spread espalhar
spent gastei
spending passar
speed rapidez
speck speck
sorry arrependido
sophie sophie
sooner antes
somebody aiguém
sniper sniper
smoked fumei
smoke cigarro
smile sorri
smarter esperto
slater slater
sinking afundando
single solteiro
silly bobagem
signed assinada
shouting gritando
should poderia
shots fotos
shiny brilhante
shine brilhar
sherman sherman
shelby shelby
sheep ovelhas
shaking tremendo
sequence seqüência
selection seleção
seill seale
second segundos
seamstress costureira
screaming gritar
satisfaction satisfação
sacred sagrado
sabres sabres
rwanda ruanda
russia rússia
russian russa
runway pista
running fugir
running acabando
royal royal
rookie recruta
roman romana
rocks rochas
rockefeller rockefeller
roberta roberta
roaches baratas
ripley ripley
ringing tocando
right valeu
right acertou
ricky ricky
richies ricaços
revolutionary revolucionária
reunion reunião
reunion encontro
retreat retirada
retard retardado
resting descansando
reservation reserva
rescue resgatar
representative representante
reports relatórios
repair consertar
reminds lembra
remind lembra
remember recorda
relative parente
regis regis
reconsider reconsiderar
recommend recomendo
recognize reconheceu
received recebeu
receipt recibo
rebel rebeldes
realize perceber
rather preferiria
rather preferia
rains rains
quickly rapidamente
quero quero
quarter centavos
quarantine quarentena
punished punido
pudding pudim
proteus proteus
protest protesto
prostitute prostituta
prophet profeta
profession profissão
procedures procedimentos
priests padres
present presentes
present apresentar
pregnant engravidar
praying rezando
possible impossível
possibilities possibilidades
porthos porthos
portable móvel
police policial
poland polônia
pneumonia pneumonia
platform plataforma
places lugar
place iugar
pistol pistola
pictures fotografias
picture quadro
picture imagem
picked pegou
picked escolheu
photos fotografias
phone linha
phone celular
phantom fantasmas
petroleum petróleo
permit permissão
performance performance
perfect perfeitas
perfection perfeição
peralta peralta
pepsi pepsi
pensacola pensacola
pathetic patética
partner parceira
partner companheiro
pardon perdoe
pardon desculpe
palmer palmer
painter pintor
overnight noite
other ninguém
ordinary comum
opening abertura
offense ofender
occurred ocorreu
occupation ocupação
obsessed obcecado
obliged obrigado
nunez nuñez
notice notou
noises barulhos
niobe niobe
nilsen nilsen
newjersey jersey
neverland terra
neither nenhum
needs necessita
navigator navegador
natchios natchios
naruto naruto
naked pelado
murdered morto
murdered matou
murdered assassinada
mumsy mumsy
mummy múmia
moving mexer
moustache bigode
mooby mooby
miyamoto miyamoto
misunderstanding entendido
minor menor
millionaire milionário
mikolaj mikolaj
might melhor
meyers myers
meetings reuniões
medication remédios
mechanical mecânica
measure compasso
mcnerney mcnerney
mcknight mcknight
mccabe mccabe
maxine maxine
matter importava
matter importância
matheson matheson
masturbation masturbação
martyr mártir
marry casaria
manso manso
manner maneira
maniac maníaco
malfoy malfoy
maintenance manutenção
magic mágico
madonna madonna
madison madison
machine máquinas
lunch lanche
lucille lucille
lower baixo
looks aparência
looking procurei
looking procuramos
looking parece
lonely sozinho
loneliness solidão
locksley locksley
locked trancou
locked trancado
locked preso
location local
loaded carregada
lnterhamwe interahanwe
lndians índios
living morar
liverpool liverpool
littering chapado
liquid líquido
liked gostado
liebling liebling
license placa
leukemia leucemia
lemarc lamark
legendary lendário
leaving partir
language idioma
landing aterrissagem
lafawnduh lafawnduh
ladies moças
kutsinawa kutsinawa
krusemark krusemark
krispity krispity
korea coréia
knoxville knoxville
kisses beija
kilometers quilômetros
killing matança
kiddin brincando
karol karol
kangaroo canguru
kadaj kadaj
jumped pulou
judges juízes
joking brincadeira
johannes johannes
jesse jesse
jeopardy perigo
jealous ciumento
japanese japonesa
jaffe jaffe
iucky sorte
issue assunto
irishwoman irlandesa
invited convidei
invited convidada
invite convidou
investigator investigador
invade invadir
intimacy intimidade
interview entrevistar
interrupting interrompendo
interrogation interrogatório
interested interessados
intercourse relações
instead lugar
insist insisto
insignificant insignificante
insectoids insectóides
injustice injustiça
injured ferido
infinity infinito
inferior inferior
independent independente
inches centímetros
incapable incapaz
imperial imperial
illinois illinois
ideals ideais
ibelin ibelin
hurts machuca
hundred centenas
however porém
houdini houdini
hostile hostil
hostages reféns
horrors horrores
honour meritíssimo
honour meretíssimo
homosexual homossexual
holiday férias
himself pessoa
hills hills
henny henny
hemingway hemingway
heard sabendo
headphones fones
hated odiei
hated detestava
harbor porto
happiest feliz
happens acontecerá
handcuffs algemas
hamilton hamilton
guild atores
guide guiar
guess adivinhem
grown cresceu
greed ganância
greatest maiores
greatest importante
grandchildren netos
governments governos
gorgeous linda
goody fracote
golden dourado
goddamn diabos
gloucester gloucester
giving desistindo
giselle giselle
gisela gisela
girlfriend noiva
getting ficar
getting conseguindo
gesture gesto
genocide genocídio
generous generosa
future futura
fugitive fugitivo
fuckin porra
fucking transando
fucked ferrado
fries fritas
friends amizade
frederick frederick
freaks aberrações
frankenstein frankenstein
fourth quarta
forward avante
forgotten esqueci
forget deixa
forced forçado
follow sigam
flush descarga
float carroça
flemish flemish
flags bandeiras
fishing pesca
firefighter bombeiro
fired despedi
finds encontrar
finding achar
figured descobriu
fight lutou
fight combate
fight brigamos
fifth quinta
fiction ficção
fenster fenster
female fêmea
feels parece
feeling sentir
favourite favorito
favorite preferido
faster depressa
fallen caído
faline faline
fairy fadas
failed falharam
faber faber
extraordinary extraordinário
express expressar
explorers exploradores
explode explodir
expert expert
exist existir
exist existem
execution execução
exchange troca
excellent ótimo
everything todas
evelyn evelyn
eugene eugene
eternal eterna
enthusiasm entusiasmo
entertainment entretenimento
enough demais
enjoy desfrutar
english ingles
enemy inimigos
empty vazias
employees empregados
emotional emocional
elite elite
efforts esforços
editor editor
economy economia
earth mundo
drowned afogou
drinks drinks
dressed vestida
dream sonha
dreamed sonhou
drawing desenho
drank bebia
doubt dúvidas
dorfman dorfman
doolittle doolittle
dollar dólares
documents documentos
document documento
doctor médicos
divine divino
distant distante
disappeared desapareceram
diaper fralda
dialogue diálogo
devils demônios
destroying destruindo
description descrição
describe descrever
deposit depósito
denver denver
denise denise
denied negada
demands exigências
delicious deliciosa
delaware delaware
decides decide
december dezembro
decade década
deborah deborah
death morrer
darth darth
daggers daggers
cyphre cyphre
curtis curtis
curtain cortina
crisis crise
creator criador
creating criando
crash destroços
craig craig
coyote coyote
cowards covardes
could pudessem
could gostaria
could consegui
corpses cadáveres
cooking cozinhar
convinced convenceu
controlled controlada
continue continuará
context contexto
constant constante
consent consentimento
connected ligado
congress congresso
confidence confiança
coney coney
conditioning condicionamento
concubine concubina
concern conta
concept conceito
concentrate concentrar
complex complexo
complete completar
compete competir
compare comparar
companies companhias
commodus commodus
comment comentários
command ordem
commanders comandantes
coming virão
coming chegar
colleague colega
colin colin
cloudy nublado
close íntimos
climb subir
clerk secretário
cleaning limpeza
cleaning limpar
cleaned limpar
christ proteja
christina christina
christian cristão
chosen escolheu
chores tarefas
choose escolhi
choices opções
choices escolhas
chickens galinhas
chemistry química
chemical química
check olhar
cheap baratos
charming encantador
charlotte charlotte
change mudará
chamber câmara
celeste celeste
celebrity celebridade
caught peguei
casual casual
carrying carregando
carrots cenouras
carries carrega
caroline caroline
cardinal cardeal
candidate candidato
cancel cancelar
canal canal
calling chama
called ligar
called chamava
business trabalho
businessman negócios
bunker bunker
bunker abrigo
bullshit furado
buildings prédios
buildings edifícios
building construindo
bubbles bolinhas
brokeback brokeback
british britânica
bringing levar
brief breve
bridges pontes
breath fundo
breakthrough descoberta
breaking quebrando
brakes freios
brake brecar
bottled engarrafada
bollocks culhões
bodies corpo
bodies cadáveres
board direção
blondy loiro
blind cegos
bitter amargo
birch birch
biology biologia
billions bilhões
beware cuidado
betray trair
bession bession
benoît benoît
benefits benefícios
beloved amada
behave comportar
begun começou
begged implorou
before perante
before anterior
becoming tornando
becoming ficando
become tornei
become torna
became tornei
became ficou
beatrice beatrice
beasley beasley
battery bateria
barrwin baldwin
bardo bardo
barbie barbie
barbarians bárbaros
balcony sacada
badge crachá
backup reforços
azrael azrael
awfully muito
avery avery
auxiliary auxiliar
autumn outono
audrey audrey
attempt tentativa
attacked atacou
attack ataquem
atlantic atlântico
atlantic atlantic
assignment missão
asked pedido
ashamed envergonhar
artillery artilharia
arrow flecha
arrived cheguei
arrived chegaram
arrest presos
arrangement acordo
armed armados
appreciate agradecido
apart pedaços
anton anton
antiques antiguidades
anthony anthony
annapolis annapolis
angry bravo
amsterdam amsterdã
amount quantia
amongst entre
ambulance ambuiância
amazing maravilhoso
aloha aloha
almanac almanaque
allies aliados
alicia alicia
alibi álibi
albatross albatroz
aisle corredor
airplanes aviões
african negro
admirable admirável
accusations acusações
accept aceite
absolutely totalmente
about falando
about aconteceu
abandoned abandonada
zuwanie zuwanie
zephyr zephyr
zaitsev zaitsev
zaire zaire
yours vocês
written escrita
wounds ferimentos
wounds feridas
worry preocuparia
worries problemas
works funcione
working trabalhava
words palavra
wonder perguntar
wondering imaginando
woman mulheres
woads povos
windows janela
where lugar
whatever quiser
whatever importa
weird esquisita
wedge wedge
watching vigiando
wanted quisessem
wallaby wallaby
walking cajado
waited esperou
waist cintura
vomit vômito
volunteer voluntário
vital vitais
visitors visitas
visiting visita
virginia virginia
vicar vigário
velocity velocidade
velcro velcro
vehicle carro
vault cofre
vasectomy vasectomia
vanity vaidade
valid inválido
vaccari vaccari
unpleasant desagradável
unforgettable inesquecível
unfair injusto
understood entenderam
understanding compreensão
unarmed desarmado
tuptim tuptim
trusted confiou
trouble dificuldade
trophies troféus
triumph triunfo
trips viagens
trick doces
tribes tribos
treat travessuras
treasure tesouros
treasures tesouros
travel viagens
trapped presos
trapped preso
trapped presa
transmitter transmissor
transfer transferir
traitors traidores
trained treinou
trailer trailer
traditional tradicional
towers torres
towels toalhas
touching tocando
touched tocada
torch tocha
tomatoes tomates
tokyo tokyo
tissue lenço
timorese timorenses
tickets passagens
thornberry thornberry
thompson thompson
thinks pense
think pensaria
these disso
there haviam
thank agradecemos
tests exames
terry terry
terrorist terroristas
terrorism terrorismo
terms condições
tenor tenor
temporal temporal
teeth dente
teenagers adolescentes
teach ensina
taught ensinaram
tannen tannen
tanana tanana
talked falava
talent talentos
taking pegando
taking demorando
takes necessário
takeoff decolagem
taken tirado
tails tails
sweet docinho
sweet amável
sweat preocupe
swallow engole
suspicious suspeito
suspension suspensão
survived sobrevivido
supposed supõe
supposedly supostamente
superintendent superintendente
suggested sugeriu
suffered sofreram
succeed sucesso
succeed conseguir
submariner submarinista
stuck presos
strings cordas
strike greve
striders striders
stressed estressado
stories história
stories estórias
stomach barriga
stolen roubaram
steak churrascaria
stayed fiquei
static estática
starts começar
start comecem
starbucks starbucks
stand aguento
squirrels esquilos
square quadrado
spurbury spurbury
spottswoode spottswood
sports esporte
spiritual espirituais
sperm esperma
spent passamos
spend passam
speak conversar
spartak spartak
spaghetti espaguete
space espaciais
southeast sudeste
source origem
somme somme
somewhere algum
something pergunta
somehow jeito
solitude solidão
software software
sodom sodoma
sobel sobel
sneakers tênis
smiles sorrisos
smile sorriam
smell sentir
smart inteligentes
smarter espertos
slowly lentamente
sleep dormindo
slave escrava
skinny magro
situations situações
sittin sentado
sitting sentados
sinkitsi sinkitsi
singing canto
singer cantora
sincerely sinceramente
simpson simpson
significance significado
shrink psicóloga
shower ducha
showed mostrei
showed apareceu
should deviamos
short atalho
shore costa
shoot atiro
shocking chocante
shitting brincando
shapes formas
shall deveríamos
sexually sexualmente
seventh sétimo
seventh sétima
seventeen dezessete
served serviu
served servi
servants empregados
serious sérias
serious grave
separated separamos
sentinels sentinelas
sense sentir
sensation sensação
sending mandar
sending enviar
semester semestre
seemed pareceu
seemed parece
security seguranças
secret segredinho
secretly secretamente
sebastien sebastien
season estação
searched procurei
scuzz scuzz
screw foder
screaming gritos
scottish escocês
scotch uísque
school estudar
scary assustadoras
saxon saxões
saving economizando
sausage salsicha
samuel samuel
sakai sakai
saint santo
saint santa
safely segurança
sadly infelizmente
rusesabagina rusesabagina
rumor boato
ruined arruinado
roxanne roxanne
route caminho
rourke rourke
round girar
rotten podre
rolex rolex
roger confirmado
robot robôs
robbed roubado
roark roark
risky arriscado
right nesse
right certas
rigazzi rigazzi
riders cavaleiros
riddikulus riddikulus
reverend reverendo
return volte
returned voltou
retarded retardado
respond responda
reservoir reservatório
reserve reserva
repeat repetir
repeating repetindo
remoras ramoras
reminds lembrar
remember lembraria
remembered lembrei
remarkable notável
release solte
regularly regularmente
reflection reflexo
referring referindo
recovered recuperou
record record
record gravar
record ficha
record disco
recommend recomendar
recognize reconheço
recognition reconhecimento
recall lembro
rebuild reconstruir
reason motivos
realize entende
reaily verdade
ready preparados
rangers rangers
rancho rancho
raising criando
quigley quigley
quiet calmo
question dúvida
quartet quarteto
quarterback zagueiro
quantity quantidade
qualified qualificado
putting colocar
pursuit perseguição
punishment castigo
pulled tirou
psychology psicologia
psychological psicológico
psychological psicológica
proved provou
proudfoot proudfoot
protect proteja
proposition proposta
propose proponho
prophecy profecia
promoting promovendo
profit lucro
produce produzir
probation controle
prison preso
principle princípio
prince princípe
prime prime
previous anterior
prepare preparem
prepared preparada
powerful poderosos
poverty pobreza
pounds libras
possession posse
positions posição
political políticos
political política
poison toxinas
point sentido
point objetivo
pointing apontando
point aponte
point apontar
plumbing encanamento
plenty muitas
played tocava
plants plantas
plankton plankton
place aconteceu
pineapple abacaxi
picture retrato
picture fotos
picture desenho
pickles pickles
picking pegar
picking mexendo
picked peguei
picasso picasso
photograph fotografia
phillip phillip
phantom espectro
person alguém
period ponto
performed executei
peixoto peixoto
peewee peewee
patient paciência
passports passaportes
passed passar
paranoid paranóica
paramedics paramédicos
pajamas pijamas
painting quadro
padre padre
pacino pacino
overtime extra
outta saiam
ordered ordenou
orchid orquídeas
opposition oposição
opportunity chance
opponent oponente
opinions opiniões
operation operações
ofyou vocês
often frequentemente
officers guardas
offered ofereci
offensive ofensiva
offense ofensa
occasions ocasiões
observers observadores
obregon obregón
noticed percebeu
northeast nordeste
norris norris
nobel nobel
nitroglycerin nitroglicerina
ninja ninja
neville neville
nervous nervosos
nelly nelly
neidermeyer niedermeyer
negligence negligência
needs precisar
needles agulhas
needing precisar
nauseous náuseas
nathalie nathalie
mywife esposa
music music
musial musial
murdered assassinou
moving mudança
motors motores
motion movimento
morocco marrocos
mornin manhã
morgue necrotério
moral morais
monsieur senhor
monica mônica
mongkut mongkut
monastery monastério
mollusk molusco
modest modesto
misery desgraça
might possam
might podia
michigan michigan
mexican mexicana
messiah messias
merciful piedoso
mercedes mercedes
mention falar
mentioned falou
memories memória
memorial memorial
meeting conhecer
medivac socorro
medallion medalha
mccann mccann
maybe melhor
matty matty
matthews matthews
matter passa
matsui matsui
maskala maskala
martial marcial
marshal marshal
marrying casar
markum markum
marketing marketing
marie maria
margie margie
march março
manrcia márcia
manipulate manipular
mammoths mamutes
malchick maltchique
making deixando
major grande
mücke mücke
lying mentiroso
lunatic lunático
lucky sortuda
lovely linda
lotion creme
loser fracassado
lopez lopez
looked procuramos
looked parece
local locais
local daqui
limitations limitações
likes goste
lester lester
legends lendas
leave partiremos
leave deixamos
layer camada
lauren lauren
laugh risada
latex látex
laser laser
large grandes
languages línguas
lamar lamar
laboratory laboratório
kujan kujan
kroger kroger
known conhecidos
known conheceu
known conhece
knock parem
klaatu clatoo
kisses beijos
kissed beijei
kindness bondade
kincaid kincaid
kiiled matou
kigali kigali
kidding sério
kenneth kenneth
kelly keiiey
keeping mantendo
junior júnior
judas judas
jimmie jimmie
jealousy ciúmes
jealousy ciúme
jared jared
janeiro janeiro
jamaica jamaica
jacobim jacobim
issues problemas
issue questão
isengard isengard
irrelevant irrelevante
irony ironia
irish irlandeses
invented inventei
interference interferência
interested interesse
intend pretendo
intellect intelecto
integration integração
instincts instintos
inspection inspeção
insomnia insônia
insisted insistiu
insemination inseminação
inhaler inalador
inger inger
influence influência
infidels infiéis
increase aumentar
important importa
imbecile imbecil
iittle pequena
ieast menos
identify identificar
identified identificado
ideas idéia
iceberg iceberg
iawyer advogado
hyperspace hiperespaço
hurry andem
hunting caçar
hungry faminto
hotter quente
hostile hostis
horse cavalos
hoping esperava
hopeless esperança
hooker prostituta
honor honrar
honored honrado
honestly verdade
homework lição
hogwarts hogwarts
hoard tesouro
hitters rebatedores
himmler himmler
higitus higitus
highness majestade
higher superior
hiding esconderijo
helsing helsing
helperman helperman
helicopters helicópteros
hearing audiência
headlines manchetes
headaches dores
hawkins hawkins
harmless inofensivo
hardware hardware
harder forte
harassment assédio
happened acontecer
happen acaso
handwriting letra
handle cuido
hallelujah aleluia
hacker hacker
guitars guitarras
guevara guevara
guest convidada
guess palpite
gudge gudge
graveyard cemitério
grave sepultura
gravel cascalho
grant conceder
grant ashley
grams gramas
gracchus gracchus
governor governadora
gotta quero
gorilla gorila
goodness nossa
goodbye despedir
golden golden
goddamn malditos
goblin duende
globecom globecom
girls moças
girls garotinhas
ginuwine ginuwine
gimli gimli
giants gigantes
getting conseguir
germain germain
gently suavemente
geisas gueixas
gattaca gattaca
funny curioso
funerals funerais
fucking malditos
frustrated frustrado
fruit fruta
fresh fresca
french frances
franco franco
found soube
found encontrados
found descobriram
forward adiante
forty quarenta
forgotten esquecida
forgive perdão
forgiven perdoado
foreign estrangeira
force force
force forçar
forbidden proibido
footprints pegadas
follow seguirei
flying voador
flowing fluindo
flames chamas
first começar
fireworks fogos
fired demitida
finish terminou
finished terminado
fingerprints impressões
finest melhores
finest melhor
finch finch
filled cheios
figure entender
figured calculei
figured achei
figitus figitus
fight lutaremos
fight lutarei
fightin lutando
fighter lutadora
fifty cinqüenta
feldman feldman
feels sinto
feeling sinto
feeling sente
fedex fedex
favourite favorita
failure falha
faeces fezes
factories fábricas
extra extras
exploring explorando
explain explico
expert perito
expert especialista
expensive caros
expelled expulso
expect espere
excuse disse
everywhere lugares
events eventos
evacuation evacuação
euros euros
esikhulu esikhulu
erotic erótico
erase apagar
equal igual
episode episódio
entered entrou
enough suficientemente
enormous enorme
enjoying gostando
engine máquinas
engagement noivado
employer patrão
emmett emmett
emiliano emiliano
embarrassment vergonha
elyse elyse
ellis ellis
element elemento
electric elétrica
effects efeitos
eastern leste
earthquake terremoto
duties deveres
drunk encher
dresses veste
dressed vestir
donny donny
doing saindo
dobbs dobbs
discussing discutindo
discuss discutiremos
disappear sumir
dirty safada
diplomatic diplomática
dinner janta
dilemma dilema
differently diferente
describe descreva
depth profundidade
denton denton
delay atraso
degra degra
decades décadas
dearest querida
dating namorando
dancing dancing
dancer dançarino
dance festa
damon damon
dammit merda
custom costume
current corrente
curious curiosidade
crumbles repartido
crumb crumb
crowd público
crossing cruzando
cristina christina
credibility credibilidade
coyote coiote
cowboy vaqueiro
country países
counter balcão
count conte
could talvez
could possível
could conseguiria
corporate corporativo
control controlo
contribution contribuição
contaminated contaminada
consider considero
consequences consequências
conscious consciente
conquest conquista
connecticut connecticut
congratulations felicidades
confusion confusão
confusing confuso
confused confusa
conference conferência
conditioning condicionado
condition condições
company compania
companions companheiros
companies empresas
community community
comedian comediante
coincidences coincidências
clubs clubes
closer aproximar
client ciiente
claws garras
claudia claudia
classic clássica
civilized civilizada
cisco cisco
circuits circuitos
circles círculos
chulalongkorn chulalongkorn
christmas natai
chose escolhi
choose escolho
choice escolher
chill chill
child menino
chicon chacon
chico chico
chickliss chickliss
checking checando
checked chequei
charm charme
charge responsável
charged acusado
charge cobrar
charge carga
chardonnay chardonnay
channels canais
changing mudar
chance puder
chance possibilidade
champions campeões
champ campeã
challenge desafiar
chain corrente
certainly claro
celebration celebração
cause causar
catholicism catolicismo
casely casely
carson carlson
carlo carlo
caribbean caribe
cargo carga
carefully cuidado
capture capturar
captivity cativeiro
cannot consigo
candies doces
candidates candidatos
canca ucanca
calligraphy caligrafia
calinas colinas
california california
caldwell caldwell
cadillac cadillac
buyer comprador
butter amendoim
businesses negócios
business assuntos
buses ônibus
burnt queimada
burma burma
burglars ladrões
bulldog buldogue
buddy camarada
buddy amiguinho
buddies amigos
bubbles bolhas
bronx bronx
broken quebrados
brilliant genial
brilliant brilhantes
breathing respirar
breath hálito
breaks folgas
break quebro
brazilian brasileira
brains cérebros
brain cerebro
bozos palhaços
boyfriends namorados
bought compramos
bothers incomoda
bother incomoda
borrow empresta
board diretoria
blond loira
blonde loira
block quarteirão
blindly cegamente
blankets cobertores
blanket cobertor
blade espada
biting mordendo
billion bilhões
beverly beverly
betrayed traído
bermuda bermudas
below embaixo
believed acreditou
believe acreditei
believe acreditarão
believe acham
belief crença
begin comecem
begin comece
began comecei
before quando
beethoven beethoven
beers cerveja
become tornará
become tornado
becky becky
beautiful iinda
beating bater
beating batendo
beasts bestas
beans beans
battalion batalhão
bathrooms banheiros
basic básicos
based baseada
barrel barril
baron barão
barely quase
barcelona barcelona
barada verata
banks banks
bangkok bangkok
ballstein ballstein
balloons balões
baldwin baldwin
bailiff meirinho
backs costas
babsie babsie
avenge vingar
author autor
attraction atração
attract atrair
attorneys advogados
attorney advogada
attention atenções
attempting tentando
attacks ataques
attacking atacando
attacked atacado
atlanta atlanta
athlete atleta
assure asseguro
assholes imbecis
asleep adormeci
arrived chegamos
arrive chegarem
arranged arranjou
around lugar
areas áreas
architecture arquitetura
aquarium aquário
approval aprovação
approach aproximação
appreciate obrigado
appreciate apreciar
apples maçãs
appear aparecer
appearances aparências
appearance aparição
appearance aparência
apologize desculpe
anyway maneira
antidote antídoto
ankle tornozelo
angry zangada
anesti anesti
ancient antiga
analysis análise
amnesia amnésia
amazon amazonas
alvarez alvarez
allright certo
allow permite
allowed permissão
alliance aliança
ahead continue
agreed concordou
agrabah agrabah
again mesmo
afraid lamento
afford comprar
advisor assessor
adrian adrian
adolescence adolescência
admire admira
actually mesmo
activity atividade
activate ative
accidentally acidentalmente
accept aceita
accent acento
abstinence abstinência
absolutely certamente
about nisso
about aproximadamente
abortion aborto
abbott abbott
