never nunca
please favor
because porque
thank obrigado
something coisa
maybe talvez
always sempre
people pessoas
night noite
doing fazer
before antes
about sobre
money dinheiro
right certo
better melhor
things coisas
world mundo
still ainda
thanks obrigado
thing coisa
sorry desculpa
first primeiro
friend amigo
tomorrow amanhã
after depois
problem problema
happened aconteceu
thought pensei
think achas
someone alguém
minutes minutos
course claro
family família
woman mulher
friends amigos
talking falar
first primeira
sorry desculpe
brother irmão
nobody ninguém
tonight noite
place lugar
somebody alguém
wanted queria
these estes
trying tentar
really sério
believe acredito
hours horas
little pouco
could podia
since desde
right mesmo
heart coração
blood sangue
happy feliz
death morte
together juntos
truth verdade
morning manhã
school escola
really mesmo
cause porque
daughter filha
again outra
number número
right razão
party festa
gotta tenho
wanna quero
sometimes vezes
jesus jesus
sorry lamento
sorry sinto
other outro
every todos
important importante
times vezes
really realmente
almost quase
phone telefone
months meses
thinking pensar
looks parece
think pensar
women mulheres
minute minuto
great grande
these estas
story história
should devia
thank obrigada
second segundo
police polícia
saying dizer
another outra
another outro
least menos
husband marido
frank frank
wrong errado
enough suficiente
worry preocupes
inside dentro
fucking merda
believe acreditar
president presidente
person pessoa
dream sonho
really muito
while enquanto
waiting espera
moment momento
against contra
weeks semanas
honey querida
think penso
captain capitão
between entre
great óptimo
everyone todos
people gente
power poder
think pensas
everybody todos
anything alguma
think pensa
special especial
little pequeno
sleep dormir
excuse licença
careful cuidado
question pergunta
wanna queres
lucky sorte
probably provavelmente
music música
ready pronto
later tarde
means significa
front frente
exactly exactamente
would seria
different diferente
perfect perfeito
needs precisa
hospital hospital
should devias
michael michael
looking procura
future futuro
could poderia
white branco
david david
other outros
going passa
reason razão
gotta temos
seems parece
children crianças
young jovem
those aqueles
plane avião
happen acontecer
dinner jantar
doing fazendo
start começar
stupid estúpido
fault culpa
christ cristo
funny engraçado
serious sério
possible possível
million milhões
going vamos
ladies senhoras
movie filme
earth terra
thanks obrigada
prince príncipe
office escritório
hotel hotel
wrong passa
dreams sonhos
change mudar
other outra
later depois
gentlemen senhores
gonna vamos
anyone alguém
alone sozinho
working trabalhar
accident acidente
perhaps talvez
actually verdade
doctor médico
yesterday ontem
system sistema
security segurança
seconds segundos
again novamente
speak falar
girlfriend namorada
sergeant sargento
interesting interessante
forever sempre
chance oportunidade
around volta
those esses
finally finalmente
bitch cabra
words palavras
planet planeta
fight lutar
kidding brincar
jones jones
johnny johnny
watch cuidado
excuse desculpe
every todas
christmas natal
behind atrás
stuff coisas
mission missão
boyfriend namorado
anyone ninguém
right direita
other outras
close perto
could podes
about acerca
rules regras
problems problemas
lawyer advogado
charlie charlie
anybody alguém
leave deixar
sense sentido
pleasure prazer
message mensagem
friend amiga
company companhia
attention atenção
anyway qualquer
strong forte
place sítio
favor favor
could posso
train comboio
should deveria
killer assassino
happens acontece
difference diferença
agent agente
right direito
others outros
idiot idiota
history história
child criança
window janela
princess princesa
about nisso
where aonde
little pequena
frankie frankie
america américa
trouble problemas
simple simples
peter peter
enough chega
doing fazes
church igreja
bobby bobby
anybody ninguém
should devíamos
questions perguntas
business negócio
worry preocupe
order ordem
likes gosta
jerry jerry
george george
sarah sarah
honey querido
explain explicar
answer resposta
understand entendo
human humano
promise prometo
gadget gadget
evening noite
crazy louco
court tribunal
those essas
state estado
could podias
chief chefe
steve steve
found encontrei
supposed suposto
position posição
government governo
thought pensava
goodbye adeus
alone sozinha
there havia
situation situação
dangerous perigoso
choice escolha
master mestre
queen rainha
professor professor
matter importa
general general
black preto
apartment apartamento
sounds parece
remember lembro
looking olhar
dollars dólares
tried tentei
secret segredo
group grupo
detective detective
anything qualquer
animals animais
surprise surpresa
killed matou
impossible impossível
drink bebida
crime crime
congratulations parabéns
books livros
trust confiar
buddy amigo
brain cérebro
machine máquina
freedom liberdade
beautiful lindo
kelly kelly
dance dançar
center centro
beautiful linda
summer verão
letter carta
could pudesse
children filhos
leave embora
control controlo
afternoon tarde
their deles
shoes sapatos
learn aprender
excuse desculpa
wedding casamento
making fazer
lights luzes
forget esquece
dress vestido
program programa
monkey macaco
computer computador
second segunda
respect respeito
horse cavalo
weird estranho
prison prisão
write escrever
those aquelas
strange estranho
girls raparigas
doctor doutor
daniel daniel
right certa
richard richard
normal normal
living viver
honor honra
drugs drogas
tommy tommy
sweetheart querida
lives vidas
leaving embora
after atrás
william william
under debaixo
think parece
meeting reunião
marriage casamento
except excepto
drink beber
because causa
thought achei
north norte
business negócios
believe acreditas
understand percebo
tired cansado
ready pronta
paris paris
pants calças
kitchen cozinha
forget esquecer
maria maria
brought trouxe
bathroom banho
truck camião
stories histórias
clothes roupas
american americano
think creio
birthday aniversário
believe acredita
sword espada
seriously sério
different diferentes
brothers irmãos
billy billy
pretty muito
listen escuta
hello estou
fuckin merda
beach praia
white branca
nervous nervoso
information informação
happening acontecer
trying tentando
sunday domingo
eliza eliza
telling dizer
protect proteger
might talvez
matter passa
london londres
girls meninas
wrong errada
washington washington
radio rádio
enemy inimigo
would teria
paris páris
memory memória
lunch almoço
linda linda
cannot posso
thank graças
stupid estúpida
started começou
space espaço
service serviço
ready prontos
emergency emergência
beautiful bonita
arthur arthur
would gostaria
sheriff xerife
quick rápido
movies filmes
million milhão
goddamn raios
understand compreendo
should devemos
holly holly
happy felizes
green verde
career carreira
universe universo
through através
think pensam
lieutenant tenente
jesse jesse
completely completamente
sorry desculpem
ready preparado
price preço
dying morrer
chris chris
personal pessoal
names nomes
happy contente
english inglês
commander comandante
animal animal
understand perceber
tracy tracy
shine brilhar
orders ordens
nigger preto
james james
darling querida
coming vindo
boaventura boaventura
black negro
woods woods
wayne wayne
someone pessoa
ramon ramon
plans planos
married casado
lying mentir
lenny lenny
harry harry
happened passou
during durante
while tempo
wanted querias
understand entender
there dentro
relax relaxa
pretty bonita
police policia
maybe calhar
ghost fantasma
excellent excelente
destiny destino
could podemos
action acção
thinking pensando
sleeping dormir
signal sinal
selma selma
perfect perfeita
marry casar
getting ficar
fired despedido
difficult difícil
danger perigo
buddy buddy
weapons armas
there existe
saturday sábado
pregnant grávida
monster monstro
killed morto
ghosts fantasmas
defense defesa
cheese queijo
building edifício
bigger maior
tried tentou
tickets bilhetes
small pequeno
ridiculous ridículo
henry henry
donna donna
decision decisão
chicken galinha
video vídeo
terrible terrível
teeth dentes
smell cheiro
right neste
ninja ninja
marion marion
justice justiça
eating comer
could podíamos
breathe respirar
talking falando
numbers números
jersey jersey
hurry rápido
great fantástico
father padre
example exemplo
clothes roupa
ahead frente
victor victor
thinks pensa
think acham
these essas
relationship relação
pressure pressão
needed precisava
immediately imediatamente
human humana
helen helena
heard ouviu
department departamento
company empresa
bottle garrafa
trust confia
speech discurso
marty marty
leave deixe
knight cavaleiro
harvard harvard
gentlemen cavalheiros
chance hipótese
bruce bruce
bring trazer
brilliant brilhante
battle batalha
balls tomates
ulrich ulrich
third terceiro
storm tempestade
really verdade
prove provar
officer agente
means dizer
listen ouvir
interested interessado
edward edward
breakfast almoço
attorney advogado
think pense
these esses
there houve
stars estrelas
right verdade
operation operação
office gabinete
little bocado
larry larry
client cliente
chocolate chocolate
anywhere nenhum
works funciona
robin robin
letters cartas
through passar
smile sorriso
sharks tubarões
palace palácio
listening ouvir
hurry depressa
funny piada
faster rápido
weekend semana
tyler tyler
thousands milhares
staying ficar
sherman sherman
robot robot
present presente
oscar oscar
national nacional
married casar
losing perder
level nível
innocent inocente
fucking porra
energy energia
darren darren
dance dança
count contar
class classe
robinson robinson
restaurant restaurante
remember lembrar
pictures fotos
miami miami
killing matar
heard ouviste
greatest maior
going acontecer
funny graça
flowers flores
destroy destruir
changed mudou
biggest maior
bernie bernie
anything coisa
works trabalha
wonderful maravilhoso
wanna querem
tongue língua
spirit espírito
raymond raymond
nature natureza
named chamado
leave deixa
kenai kenai
europe europa
eddie eddie
drinking beber
chair cadeira
beauty beleza
witness testemunha
tunnel túnel
tired cansada
sugar açúcar
stairs escadas
small pequena
remember lembra
people pessoal
paper papel
officer oficial
nicole nicole
morgan morgan
martin martin
maggie maggie
force força
führer führer
cousin primo
bodies corpos
attack ataque
asshole idiota
actor actor
touch tocar
these destes
soldier soldado
playing jogar
night noites
mexico méxico
laura laura
ideas ideias
famous famoso
evidence provas
drunk bêbado
conversation conversa
bucks dólares
bridge ponte
bedroom quarto
would queres
ticket bilhete
television televisão
shirt camisa
sammy sammy
noise barulho
miles milhas
jimmy jimmy
incredible incrível
finish acabar
fingers dedos
field campo
feelings sentimentos
contact contacto
common comum
child filho
check cheque
century século
being estar
asking perguntar
amazing incrível
advice conselho
virgin virgem
trust confiança
treasure tesouro
suspect suspeito
reasons razões
proud orgulhoso
powers poderes
picture fotografia
market mercado
jacket casaco
guards guardas
great grandes
genius génio
downstairs baixo
crazy maluco
wrong problema
would faria
worried preocupado
unfortunately infelizmente
tower torre
teddy teddy
super super
suddenly repente
steal roubar
smart esperto
secret secreto
revenge vingança
relax calma
rachel rachel
question questão
public público
natural natural
mountain montanha
miracle milagre
married casada
experience experiência
doors portas
depends depende
could podem
close fecha
carlos carlos
beautiful bonito
understand percebes
spirit espirito
spend passar
silence silêncio
sandy sandy
points pontos
obviously obviamente
machines máquinas
judith judith
insurance seguro
horses cavalos
guess adivinha
fighting lutar
desert deserto
customers clientes
crazy louca
crazy doido
courage coragem
bjarne bjarne
bigweld bigweld
asleep dormir
williams williams
victory vitória
vegas vegas
safety segurança
reality realidade
point ponto
original original
opinion opinião
nights noites
minister ministro
hollywood hollywood
garage garagem
games jogos
found encontrou
fantastic fantástico
especially especialmente
england inglaterra
definitely definitivamente
debbie debbie
concert concerto
cleric cleric
clean limpar
better melhores
believe acredite
airport aeroporto
absolutely absolutamente
usually normalmente
turner turner
tears lágrimas
sweetie querida
susan susan
somewhere algures
somewhere algum
sleep dorme
polly polly
piece pedaço
opportunity oportunidade
ocean oceano
member membro
listen escute
jessie jessie
forget esqueça
fenton fenton
college faculdade
charles charles
brooke brooke
answer responder
amanda amanda
whitey whitey
unless menos
think penses
survive sobreviver
still continua
spice especiaria
sexual sexual
reckon presumo
popular popular
pirate pirata
patient paciente
lesson lição
jacinto jacinto
interest interesse
fight combate
disease doença
daddy papai
command comando
clarence clarence
central central
cause causa
called chamado
barnell barnell
audrey audrey
witnesses testemunhas
virus vírus
vidocq vidocq
victim vítima
trouble problema
touch toque
talking dizer
simon simon
running correr
reuben reuben
priest padre
nightmare pesadelo
major major
little bocadinho
leader líder
health saúde
happened acontecido
glass vidro
friday sexta
easier fácil
dreaming sonhar
doctors médicos
decided decidi
crying chorar
chance chance
bullshit tretas
berlin berlim
walter walter
violence violência
unbelievable inacreditável
touch toques
talkin falar
suppose suponho
street street
stone pedra
sitting sentado
professional profissional
press imprensa
playing brincar
places lugares
percy percy
mirror espelho
matter interessa
learned aprendi
kevin kevin
information informações
gotta preciso
going passar
football futebol
esteban esteban
driving conduzir
divorce divórcio
clouseau clouseau
clara clara
theory teoria
station estação
somebody pessoa
smells cheira
roger entendido
robots robots
right correcto
quoyle quoyle
pictures fotografias
often vezes
moore moore
magic magia
knights cavaleiros
johnson johnson
highness alteza
heroes heróis
guard guarda
freddy freddy
enough bastante
credit crédito
check verificar
wrote escreveu
windows janelas
wanted quisesse
vampire vampiro
trial julgamento
tournament torneio
there existem
tapeworm tapeworm
stole roubou
spent passei
smart inteligente
shelly shelly
secrets segredos
school liceu
right pronto
property propriedade
personally pessoalmente
penny penny
panic pânico
necessary necessário
moments momentos
killed mataste
investigation investigação
glory glória
garden jardim
france frança
follow seguir
factory fábrica
doubt dúvida
continue continuar
complicated complicado
clean limpo
china china
bleeding sangrar
apparently aparentemente
ambulance ambulância
africa áfrica
white brancos
wallet carteira
waiting esperando
vision visão
twenty vinte
trust confio
think pensei
thank agradecer
texas texas
terry terry
strength força
still continuo
stanley stanley
society sociedade
repeat repito
project projecto
pilot piloto
motherfucker cabrão
monty monty
military militar
lately ultimamente
illegal ilegal
humans humanos
human humanos
great excelente
found encontrado
forget esqueças
feeling sentir
emperor imperador
either também
asked pediu
artist artista
young jovens
vehicle veículo
trees árvores
totally totalmente
thomas thomas
support apoio
states unidos
soldiers soldados
shrek shrek
rodney rodney
process processo
problem problemas
pretty bonito
pretty bastante
myself sozinho
margaret margaret
marcus marcus
knows conhece
imagine imaginar
honest honesto
girls miúdas
fucking caralho
elliot elliot
elevator elevador
dragon dragão
dancing dançar
crazy loucura
choose escolher
catch apanhar
castle castelo
césar césar
caesar césar
batman batman
around perto
among entre
allie allie
alive vivos
agents agentes
afraid receio
about quanto
about prestes
worry preocupar
university universidade
uniform uniforme
understand entendes
trouble sarilhos
throat garganta
think acredito
slaves escravos
should deveríamos
robert robert
presence presença
pocket bolso
paper jornal
lunch almoçar
leonard leonard
julie julie
jason jason
honey honey
happen aconteceu
gloria gloria
fortune fortuna
extra extra
everybody pessoal
elizabeth elizabeth
council conselho
coming chegar
closer perto
close fechar
black negra
bible bíblia
arthur artur
apologize desculpa
answers respostas
angels anjos
address morada
wilson wilson
watch relógio
trick truque
though embora
third terceira
taking levar
suicide suicídio
starts começa
spirits espíritos
simba simba
should deviam
selling vender
secretary secretária
romantic romântico
right claro
responsibility responsabilidade
report relatório
purpose propósito
place local
neither também
murderer assassino
murder assassinato
mitch mitch
miles quilómetros
legend lenda
katie katie
jerusalem jerusalém
important importantes
happening passa
goddamn maldito
favorite favorito
enough basta
enemies inimigos
eagle águia
clients clientes
bullets balas
breathe respira
boston boston
behavior comportamento
baron barão
anyone qualquer
accept aceitar
welcome vindo
starting começar
start começo
speed velocidade
shine brilha
shark tubarão
rights direitos
responsible responsável
research pesquisa
protection protecção
passport passaporte
partner parceiro
negative negativo
morpheus morpheus
marshall marshall
loved amava
honour meritíssimo
goddess deusa
glasses óculos
foster foster
devil diabo
decide decidir
creatures criaturas
corner esquina
community comunidade
cigarettes cigarros
chicago chicago
called ligou
booth cabine
asshole imbecil
arrakis arrakis
village aldeia
throne trono
taylor taylor
supposed devia
stomach estômago
stage palco
source fonte
sharkslayer matador
sally sally
promised prometi
powerful poderoso
minute momento
millions milhões
manny manny
majesty majestade
kingdom reino
killed matei
kathy kathy
internet internet
heard ouvido
guilty culpado
fucked fodido
equipment equipamento
cowboy cowboy
control controlar
contract contrato
clock relógio
class turma
chewing mastigar
chest peito
calls chamadas
alone sozinhos
wrong enganado
winter inverno
victims vítimas
vampires vampiros
tough difícil
times tempos
there pronto
theater teatro
success sucesso
stuart stuart
strange estranha
second momento
saying dizendo
rifle espingarda
richard ricardo
revolution revolução
rather prefiro
promise promessa
passion paixão
morris morris
model modelo
mccaleb mccaleb
married casados
known conhecido
image imagem
hundreds centenas
houston houston
great óptima
grace grace
found encontraram
floor andar
fiona fiona
empty vazio
duddits duddits
driver motorista
could poder
codes códigos
coach treinador
brenda brenda
black black
asoka asoka
american americana
weird esquisito
understand entende
understand compreender
truck carrinha
started comecei
shower duche
shall vamos
scared assustado
penis pénis
murder homicídio
mickey mickey
matter problema
liked gostava
javier javier
hurry pressa
helping ajudar
healthy saudável
gracie gracie
gordon gordon
fucking maldita
explanation explicação
exactly exatamente
everybody mundo
enough suficientemente
dobel dobel
destruction destruição
corner canto
control controle
champagne champanhe
champagne champagne
carter carter
caroline caroline
carmen carmen
cannot podemos
calling chamar
build construir
bought comprei
being sendo
begin começar
beast besta
ashamed vergonha
appreciate agradeço
walls paredes
visit visita
trigger gatilho
toros toros
those daqueles
tally tally
surface superfície
stronger forte
started começar
sisters irmãs
should deves
quiet silêncio
permission permissão
mystery mistério
murdoch murdoch
meredith meredith
memories recordações
matrix matrix
marvin marvin
leave partir
knowledge conhecimento
journey viagem
jonesy jonesy
frenchy frenchy
forest floresta
first primeiros
felix felix
doubt duvido
donkey burro
crazy loucos
conrad conrad
circle círculo
cigarette cigarro
awake acordado
alfredo alfredo
worried preocupada
while bocado
visit visitar
thoughts pensamentos
teacher professor
sudden repente
style estilo
speaking falar
souls almas
sitka sitka
russian russo
remember lembras
pizza pizza
patience paciência
orange laranja
murphy murphy
monday segunda
mercedes mercedes
lestat lestat
language linguagem
kenny kenny
jerome jerome
jasmine jasmine
involved envolvido
happiness felicidade
gertie gertie
francisco francisco
final final
eigil eigil
direction direcção
clear claro
cheers saúde
camera câmara
calling ligar
blocks quarteirões
bishop bispo
basically basicamente
angeles angeles
americans americanos
alabama alabama
academy academia
winner vencedor
troubles problemas
threat ameaça
those desses
those dessas
these destas
therapy terapia
suite suite
smith smith
shift turno
shield escudo
section secção
religion religião
record recorde
quick depressa
private privado
oliver oliver
natalie natalie
mills mills
miles miles
longer tempo
happens acontecer
drugs droga
doyle doyle
couple casal
combat combate
closet armário
cancer cancro
andrew andrew
alicia alícia
adventure aventura
wondering pensar
thing coisas
teach ensinar
stolen roubado
start começa
spider spider
smoking fumar
silent silent
shopping compras
sensitive sensível
scotty scotty
science ciência
royalty royalty
reason motivo
ralph ralph
pretend fingir
prefer prefiro
poison veneno
papers papéis
nowhere nenhum
mistake engano
louis louis
library biblioteca
leave deixes
kitty gatinho
joking brincar
infection infecção
heard soube
hannah hannah
guess adivinhar
going acontecendo
girls garotas
frodo frodo
french francês
forward frente
excuse perdão
entrance entrada
donnie donnie
dentist dentista
demons demónios
darwin darwin
comet cometa
coast costa
clear limpo
channel canal
campaign campanha
called chamou
called chamada
caitlin caitlin
butter manteiga
bullshit treta
bring traga
bride noiva
boris boris
benny benny
assistant assistente
anger raiva
according acordo
access acesso
writing escrever
welcome vindos
warning aviso
useless inútil
torrance torrance
swamp pântano
student estudante
stuck preso
sparta esparta
silver prata
santa natal
running fugir
quickly rápido
poetry poesia
piano piano
painting quadro
nurse enfermeira
norman norman
nation nação
nathan nathan
movie cinema
melman melman
marco marco
madam senhora
loves adora
looking procurando
howard howard
heavy pesado
guests convidados
german alemão
gambini gambini
fritz fritz
faster depressa
expecting espera
escape escapar
details detalhes
denise denise
darling querido
could poderíamos
corky corky
colonel coronel
claire claire
cities cidades
cindy cindy
chuck chuck
chinese chinês
chicken frango
change mudança
ceremony cerimónia
california califórnia
button botão
bruiser bruiser
alarm alarme
admit admitir
above acima
about cerca
aboard bordo
would estaria
while quando
westley westley
wendy wendy
wants quiser
wanna queria
units unidades
trust confie
trojans troianos
tried tentaram
tradition tradição
thought pensou
talked falei
suggest sugiro
stronghold stronghold
strong fortes
stone stone
special especiais
something alguma
solution solução
roberts roberts
relax relaxar
quickly depressa
proud orgulhosa
production produção
pounds quilos
pawan pawan
never jamais
nervous nervosa
mister senhor
members membros
mason mason
marla marla
loser falhado
looked parecia
listen oiçam
listen escutem
knees joelhos
himself próprio
hearts corações
goddamn merda
funeral funeral
formula fórmula
films filmes
federal federal
family familia
eternity eternidade
drive conduzir
doing fazem
disappeared desapareceu
decent decente
davey davey
darcy darcy
couple alguns
could pudeste
comfortable confortável
college universidade
cleveland cleveland
christy christy
changing mudar
buying comprar
bottom fundo
black negros
atreides atreides
article artigo
angry zangado
amber amber
after afinal
yellow amarelo
writer escritor
winnie winnie
wanted quero
vacation férias
those estes
thanks graças
taking tirar
svend svend
still continuas
spain espanha
sofía sofía
simply simplesmente
silver silver
power energia
phantoms phantoms
paxton paxton
oskar oskar
obvious óbvio
nephew sobrinho
neighbors vizinhos
neighborhood bairro
mistakes erros
might posso
merger fusão
menelaus menelau
learn aprende
joseph joseph
jealous ciúmes
inspector inspector
insane louco
impressive impressionante
hazzard hazzard
generation geração
friendship amizade
frankie rankie
explosion explosão
existence existência
environment ambiente
elisabeth elisabeth
driver condutor
dozen dúzia
director director
diego diego
decided decidiu
could podiam
correct correcto
circus circo
character personagem
champion campeão
cases casos
carol carol
building prédio
brave corajoso
bought comprou
believe acreditam
barillo barillo
avoid evitar
attack atacar
asked perguntei
appears parece
alfred alfred
agree concordo
about trata
would gostava
worry preocupem
woman mulheres
winning ganhar
where donde
vitti vitti
tragedy tragédia
traffic trânsito
total total
though apesar
think pensem
theodore theodore
technique técnica
tapes cassetes
spring primavera
sonny sonny
songs canções
social social
seattle seattle
routine rotina
right exacto
quiet calmo
proof prova
private privada
pride orgulho
prepare preparar
popcorn pipocas
pedro pedro
pearl pearl
maybe taivez
matter questão
magazine revista
listen ouçam
lines linhas
lawyers advogados
jungle selva
island island
hammer martelo
guest convidado
guess parece
fucker cabrão
found descobri
detective detetive
degrees graus
danny danny
curtains cortinas
coward cobarde
cousin prima
connie connie
cocaine cocaína
closed fechados
chickens galinhas
caught apanhado
cards cartas
capable capaz
bridget bridget
breathing respirar
border fronteira
bones ossos
wonderful maravilhosa
within dentro
wisdom sabedoria
while tempos
walking andar
waiting esperar
vietnam vietname
venice veneza
usual costume
towel toalha
those estas
these nestes
tests testes
technology tecnologia
swimming nadar
stupid estúpidos
stranger estranho
smell cheirar
sitting sentada
signs sinais
ships navios
share partilhar
shadow sombra
satellite satélite
samson samson
romans romanos
reynolds reynolds
reputation reputação
rafferty rafferty
privacy privacidade
prisoner prisioneiro
preston preston
precious precioso
pirates piratas
paradise paraíso
offer oferta
noble nobre
nicky nicky
myself mesma
movies cinema
missed saudades
metal metal
merry feliz
mercy misericórdia
marquez marquez
manhattan manhattan
manager gerente
loyalty lealdade
leaving deixar
language língua
innocent inocentes
incident incidente
identity identidade
hostage refém
horrible horrível
helicopter helicóptero
heaven paraíso
hearing ouvir
happen aconteça
guess suponho
goddamn maldita
giant gigante
germans alemães
generations gerações
forces forças
feeling sensação
empire império
elephants elefantes
edifis numerobis
diamond diamante
darkness escuridão
customer cliente
crowd multidão
could possa
convince convencer
conscience consciência
brian brian
boots botas
blanket cobertor
asking pedir
adhemar adhemar
youth juventude
yards metros
written escrito
workers trabalhadores
worked trabalhei
visual visual
treatment tratamento
training treino
thought pensar
thought julguei
teacher professora
sylvia sylvia
sweet querido
stiii ainda
stakeout emboscada
shock choque
shame vergonha
seymour seymour
sentence sentença
senator senador
scary assustador
saved salvou
sacrifice sacrifício
romance romance
richie richie
reward recompensa
results resultados
recently recentemente
rather preferia
proud orgulho
private soldado
plenty muito
player jogador
photos fotos
ollie ollie
older velho
necklace colar
mountains montanhas
messages mensagens
matters importa
martins martins
marisa marisa
lydia lydia
lover amante
looking procurar
looked olhei
legal legal
ladies meninas
kidding gozar
kalinga kalinga
jokes piadas
invitation convite
international internacional
imagine imagino
hunter caçador
humor humor
homicide homicídio
harue harue
happen acontece
handsome bonito
governor governador
gondor gondor
garvin garvin
frost frost
friends amigas
francis francis
found encontrámos
forgot esqueci
first antes
finish acaba
excuse desculpem
durant durant
daughters filhas
could conseguia
concerned preocupado
collection colecção
clean limpa
childhood infância
centuries séculos
cannot podes
break partir
belmont belmont
believes acredita
available disponível
authorities autoridades
arrest preso
anywhere lugar
anybody qualquer
yourself sozinho
working trabalhando
working funcionar
whole inteira
whenever sempre
vincent vincent
talent talento
sykes sykes
survival sobrevivência
supposed devias
subject assunto
studio estúdio
students estudantes
stones pedras
still quieto
sperm esperma
sound parece
snake cobra
smoke fumar
smile sorrir
smell cheira
sméagol smeagol
sight vista
sidekick auxiliar
should deverias
shoot atirar
seemed parecia
sector sector
scared assustada
russians russos
rufus rufus
robbie robbie
ready preparados
rabbit coelho
promise prometer
prize prémio
potential potencial
place sitio
pierre pierre
perfectly perfeitamente
officers agentes
offer oferecer
neighbor vizinho
military militares
mcelroy mcelroy
marks marks
keaton keaton
julian julián
jesus credo
hernandez hernandez
hearing audiência
hates odeia
happened houve
greeks gregos
going andando
germany alemanha
finish terminar
fifteen quinze
feathers penas
favorite favorita
facts factos
experiment experiência
evolution evolução
escape fugir
delta delta
cyrus cyrus
custody custódia
create criar
course certeza
confused confuso
committee comité
cliff cliff
chino chino
child filha
certainly certeza
cease cessar
cartel cartel
brooklyn brooklyn
brains cérebro
blade blade
believe creio
avalon avalon
austin austin
arturo arturo
apparently parece
antwone antwone
answer responde
american americanos
actually acaso
zachary zachary
wounded feridos
willing disposto
whole inteiro
whale baleia
weird estranha
warrior guerreiro
warner warner
wanted queriam
voices vozes
vodka vodka
upset chateado
under baixo
tuesday terça
trust acredita
transmooker transmooker
tiffany tiffany
thurgood thurgood
symbol símbolo
sweetheart querido
subway metro
study estudar
stuck presa
strangers estranhos
stephanie stephanie
stealing roubar
sparrow sparrow
spanish espanhol
smart esperta
slave escravo
skynet skynet
singing cantar
schumann schumann
saved salvo
salad salada
resistance resistência
relationship relacionamento
reaily mesmo
quite muito
quickly rapidamente
promise promete
procedure procedimento
probably talvez
practically praticamente
playing tocar
platoon pelotão
personality personalidade
pathetic patético
parties festas
niles niles
nearly quase
musician músico
museum museu
montana montana
minute pouco
mikey mikey
mayor presidente
marylin marylin
letters letras
knowing saber
josie josie
jamal jamal
jackie jackie
invisible invisível
introduce apresentar
interview entrevista
including incluindo
illusion ilusão
honor excelência
harder difícil
greece grécia
great ótimo
ginger ginger
getting chegar
fourth quarto
florida florida
fisher fisher
families famílias
familiar familiar
dunlap dunlap
drinks bebidas
doctor doutora
demon demónio
delivery entrega
curtis curtis
curse maldição
criminals criminosos
creature criatura
cream gelado
count conta
clown palhaço
circumstances circunstâncias
choice alternativa
chester chester
changed mudei
certain certeza
broadway broadway
bingo bingo
benigno benigno
behind detrás
banks bancos
authority autoridade
atmosphere atmosfera
alcohol álcool
albert albert
about causa
ability capacidade
yourself próprio
would podes
worked funcionou
woods bosques
valley valley
trust confias
travel viajar
tooth dente
toast brinde
thought pensaste
those daquelas
there haverá
temple templo
taste gosto
speaking falando
sorry perdão
shrink psiquiatra
shoot matar
shoot dispara
share parte
serve servir
serafine serafine
secret secreta
scott scott
sanna sanna
rectum rectum
ready preparada
quality qualidade
psychiatrist psiquiatra
positive positivo
plant planta
phoenix fenix
petal petal
opening abertura
nikki nikki
myers myers
monkeys macacos
minds mentes
messiah messias
message recado
mercy piedade
mention mencionar
marijuana marijuana
marie marie
lucius lucius
looking procuro
liberty liberdade
large grande
keyser keyser
jurek jurek
judas judas
interests interesses
insurance seguros
impact impacto
hiding esconder
helped ajudou
hector hector
heard ouviram
harvey harvey
handle tratar
handle lidar
grimes grimes
greatest melhor
great bestial
goddamn porra
fresh fresco
folks pessoal
flesh carne
feeling sentes
fears medos
favour favor
faces caras
exists existe
elvis elvis
earlier antes
destroyed destruído
defend defender
decisions decisões
dangerous perigosa
dance baile
dallas dallas
daffy daffy
culture cultura
cuban cubano
crimes crimes
craig craig
construction construção
conference conferência
condition doença
coincidence coincidência
claude claude
citizens cidadãos
chinese chinesa
certain certas
certain certa
ceiling tecto
canyon canyon
business conta
brick tijolo
boats barcos
betty betty
begins começa
barry barry
badge distintivo
arrived chegou
arrested preso
anywhere qualquer
angie angie
amsterdam amsterdão
amazing espantoso
although embora
album álbum
albania albânia
achilles achilles
write escreve
worked trabalhou
weather tempo
waves ondas
warriors guerreiros
virgil virgil
understand compreendes
trojan troiano
trinity trinity
transfer transferência
tiger tigre
thankyou obrigado
taxes impostos
sydney sidney
susima susima
survivors sobreviventes
surveillance vigilância
surprised surpreendido
stupid idiota
structure estrutura
spoon colher
sonya sonya
somethin alguma
somebody alguem
solve resolver
shoulder ombro
shoot disparar
shadows sombras
screaming gritar
return voltar
records registos
quick rápida
promotion promoção
product produto
potatoes batatas
philosophy filosofia
personal pessoais
perimeter perímetro
pardon perdão
outta daqui
organization organização
officially oficialmente
nicholas nicholas
newspaper jornal
nelson nelson
monsters monstros
missing falta
miserable miserável
might podes
michelle michelle
merrill merrill
maurice maurice
marianne marianne
mankind humanidade
justice justice
junior junior
jenna jenna
imagine imagina
houses casas
hostages reféns
heads cabeças
having fazer
happen acontecem
forgotten esquecido
finding encontrar
fascinating fascinante
expression expressão
expert especialista
evidence prova
engine motor
empty vazia
emilien emilien
education educação
directly directamente
delivered entregue
decided decidimos
couple algumas
cordell cordell
computers computadores
competition competição
cleopatra cleópatra
clearly claramente
citizen cidadão
children meninos
cemetery cemitério
called telefonou
called liguei
broken partido
boxes caixas
bombs bombas
belly barriga
beginning começo
babies bebés
antonio antonio
agreement acordo
activity actividade
abracadabra abracadabra
about relação
while pouco
whenever quando
welcome benvindo
wasting perder
walsh walsh
waited esperei
together juntas
thought achava
teresa teresa
telling contar
telephone telefone
tanley tanley
surprises surpresas
stupid estupidez
stopped parou
stifler stiffler
steps passos
started começaram
squad equipa
someone alguem
sniper atirador
slowly devagar
slave escrava
signed assinado
should devem
should devêssemos
shoot disparem
santa santa
sandwich sandes
record registo
radar radar
quite bastante
public pública
psychlo psyclo
proof provas
private particular
prepared preparado
politics política
poems poemas
poachers caçadores
plastic plástico
pills comprimidos
pieces pedaços
phone telefonema
otherwise contrário
options opções
opera ópera
nunez nuñez
nuclear nuclear
nightmares pesadelos
murray murray
mountain mountain
mexican mexicano
memories memórias
meant dizer
married casou
manager empresário
looking olhando
loaded carregada
limit limite
learning aprender
layla layla
lawyer advogada
klump klump
kaurwaki kaurwaki
kansas kansas
jewish judeu
jericho jericho
italian italiano
irish irlandês
intelligent inteligente
instance exemplo
influence influência
impression impressão
heroin heroína
geoff geoff
general generai
garth garth
forgive perdoar
following seguir
figure descobrir
fantasy fantasia
famous famosa
expect esperava
exist existe
ended acabou
effort esforço
downtown centro
dolly dolly
distance distância
desire desejo
deserve mereces
dennis dennis
crazy maluca
countries países
could capaz
cooper cooper
complete completa
clear livre
cleaning limpar
change troco
certainly certamente
certain certo
catholic católica
carla carla
captain capita
cannot podem
bunch bando
bring tragam
bringing trazer
belongs pertence
beach beach
bannon bannon
awful horrível
august agosto
atlanta atlanta
archibald archibald
aragorn aragorn
apologize desculpas
alice alice
ahead força
address endereço
actually realmente
actions acções
achilles aquiles
absolutely claro
would poderia
worse piores
wolff wolff
windham windham
whatever qualquer
warehouse armazém
wants querem
wanted queríamos
virgins virgens
veeck veeck
upstairs acima
traitor traidor
tight apertado
thief ladrão
therapist terapeuta
taught ensinou
tango tango
sweetie querido
suffer sofrer
stupid estúpidas
studying estudar
start comece
sports desporto
spoke falei
someplace lugar
smiling sorrir
smile sorri
slept dormi
should melhor
shoulders ombros
shang shang
selena selena
selby selby
saved salvei
saily sally
russia rússia
roman romano
roland roland
robbery roubo
return regressar
remind lembrar
recognize reconhecer
realm reino
quiet quieto
prisoners prisioneiros
pretty linda
point razão
point questão
planned planeado
phantom phantom
perfume perfume
paying pagar
parts peças
partner sócio
panties cuecas
painting pintura
oxygen oxigénio
others outras
number numero
normally normalmente
naturelle naturelle
munson munson
missed senti
might podemos
might podem
master senhor
marines fuzileiros
marcott marcott
magazines revistas
magadha magadha
lucky sortudo
lovely lindo
locksley locksley
limits limites
lighthouse farol
least mínimo
laser laser
kitten gatinho
kemper kemper
joker graçolas
jessica jessica
interested interessada
instructions instruções
imagination imaginação
hughes hughes
however entanto
hitler hitler
hired contratou
highly altamente
helps ajuda
gundars gundars
guilty culpada
girlfriends namoradas
funny engraçada
fucking maldito
freeze quieto
fired despedida
express expresso
exciting excitante
exactly exacto
everyone pessoal
everett everett
eleanore eleanore
douvier douvier
disgusting nojento
despite apesar
deserves merece
defendants arguidos
dealer traficante
dashiki dashiki
daisy daisy
criminal criminoso
cream creme
crash acidente
could poderias
could poderá
confession confissão
condition condição
closed fechado
cleaning limpeza
class aulas
chopper helicóptero
chess xadrez
chatman chatman
chance hipóteses
celebrate celebrar
cares importa
caravan caravana
candles velas
called chama
calder calder
butch butch
bunch monte
brittney brittney
break intervalo
bravo bravo
bluntman bluntman
black preta
beverly beverly
become tornar
becky becky
avenue avenida
attractive atraente
attitude atitude
astrid astrid
around redor
arnie arnie
apology desculpas
anyway mesma
anderson anderson
afterwards depois
account conta
about falar
wound ferida
worse piorar
worked trabalhava
woods bosque
walker walker
violent violento
vinny vinny
understand percebeste
understand entendeu
tsung tsung
troops tropas
treat tratar
thought pensado
these dessas
thank agradeço
terrorist terrorista
technically tecnicamente
tattoo tatuagem
takes preciso
supposed deveria
supper jantar
stuff coisa
strategy estratégia
station esquadra
state estatal
squirrel esquilo
something assim
small pequenos
sleeps dorme
should deviamos
shoot atire
shine brilhando
session sessão
service serviços
sensei sensei
selfish egoísta
secretary secretário
saxons saxões
sauce molho
sandwich sanduíche
royal royal
roger roger
riverton riverton
ridiculous ridícula
riddick riddick
remember lembraste
relations relações
receive receber
reaily sério
reach chegar
randy randy
pulse pulso
profile perfil
presents presentes
prague praga
powerful poderosa
positions posições
police poiícia
phantom fantasma
perfect perfeitos
patti patti
pattern padrão
patients pacientes
pathway pathway
parade parada
paint tinta
pages páginas
nuria nuria
naturally naturalmente
myself próprio
murdered assassinado
motherfuckers filhos
millionaire milionário
material material
mateo mateo
marian marian
marianela marianela
location localização
lichtenstein lichtenstein
leezak leezak
launch lançamento
lanning lenning
kubik kubik
knows sabem
kleinfeld kleinfeld
killing matando
julia júlia
interrupt interromper
intentions intenções
intelligence inteligência
instrument instrumento
inside entrar
industry indústria
hosanna hosanna
hooker prostituta
honest sincero
hidden escondido
helen helen
helena helena
heinz heinz
heard ouvimos
happenin acontecer
hammer martele
haise hayes
greed ganância
grant grant
gerti gerti
french francesa
found encontramos
found achei
finished acabou
files arquivos
figured pensei
fever febre
fence cerca
fellas rapazes
expect espera
evening tarde
ernie ernie
entire inteiro
effect efeito
dukes dukes
dressed vestido
dream sonhar
doing feito
dodge dodge
division divisão
disappear desaparecer
director diretor
dignity dignidade
devil demónio
details pormenores
dammit porra
cruel cruel
crown coroa
could pudesses
could pudéssemos
cookies bolinhos
cookies biscoitos
contest concurso
connection ligação
concept conceito
communication comunicação
clever esperto
claus natal
chronic chronic
check vejam
charity caridade
chanukah chanukah
change trocar
change mudam
catch catch
casino cassino
cards cartões
campbell campbell
california california
bullshit merda
building construir
bridge bridge
brady brady
blame culpo
bills contas
bernardo bernardo
beginning início
awake acordada
audition audição
arcamax arcamax
afford pagar
actors actores
accept aceito
would podia
would haveria
would ficaria
wonder saber
witch bruxa
weston weston
weakness fraqueza
waters águas
wanted quiseste
vaughan vaughan
usually geralmente
understand compreende
unbelievable incrível
uglyface malacara
typical típico
trying tento
trucks camiões
totally completamente
torres torres
title título
think julgas
thinking pensado
teaching ensinar
teachers professores
tanks tanques
symptoms sintomas
student aluna
strength forças
stick ficar
statue estátua
statement declaração
start começamos
spend gastar
somewhere lugar
socks meias
slowly lentamente
slavery escravatura
sides lados
sherwood sherwood
serious séria
sense senso
search procura
search busca
scooter scooter
school aulas
saved salvaste
sarge sargento
sanders sanders
sample amostra
rydell rydell
rocks pedras
rivers rivers
response resposta
residence residência
remain permanecer
relax relaxe
ready prontas
raoul raoul
quiet calado
proposal proposta
progress progresso
programs programas
products produtos
producer produtor
plumber canalizador
plates chapas
physical física
phones telefones
patience patience
parole condicional
pappy pappy
papers jornais
painful doloroso
operations operações
officers oficiais
northern norte
niggers pretos
natasha natasha
murder assassínio
mirabela mirabela
meaning significado
matter assunto
marshal delegado
marrying casar
marius marius
manuela manuela
makeup maquilhagem
madam madame
madame madame
lnspector inspector
little pequenos
listen ouvidos
lincoln lincoln
leave deixem
lawrence lawrence
laundry roupa
kitty kitty
killer assassina
killed matar
killed matado
japanese japonês
inside interior
important importa
hunting caçar
humperdinck humperdinck
honest honesta
homecoming baile
helmet capacete
hector heitor
having tendo
great genial
grand grand
going embora
gentleman senhor
furniture mobília
fridge frigorífico
fresh fresh
freak aberração
franklin franklin
fowler fowler
focker focker
flashlight lanterna
finest melhor
false falso
explosives explosivos
excited excitado
erica erica
entire inteira
ellen ellen
eating comendo
drama drama
dogmatix ideiafix
discuss discutir
diggler diggler
desperate desesperada
design desígnio
deserve merece
deserve mereço
demon demon
delmar delmar
defence defesa
daric daric
daniels daniels
dakota dakota
curiosity curiosidade
cover cobrir
count conde
corridor corredor
contact contato
cloud nuvem
clever inteligente
classes aulas
chong chong
choice opção
chloe chloe
check conta
chase chase
charge manda
change trocos
castro castro
casino casino
carver carver
cargo carga
calloway calloway
calling telefonar
brazil brasil
booze bebida
blues blues
bless abençoe
birthday parabéns
birds pássaros
before anterior
bears ursos
based baseado
baggoli baggoli
artillery artilharia
appetite apetite
animal animais
yelling gritar
wrong aconteceu
would farias
wonka wonka
welcome vindas
watch assistir
verbal verbal
understand entendido
tyrone tyrone
tricia tricia
touch contacto
times times
thought pensamento
think achar
thieves ladrões
theresa teresa
there assim
testing testes
talking conversa
swami swami
surgery cirurgia
supreme supremo
superstar superstar
suffering sofrimento
students alunos
strangers desconhecidos
still mesmo
steppe steppe
stayed fiquei
start comeces
spiritual espiritual
spent passou
sound pareces
sound parecer
something algum
smoke fumas
smell cheiras
shoot atira
sheik xeque
servant servo
serena serena
schools escolas
saying dizes
saying disse
saxon saxão
sanchez sanchez
salvation salvação
sacred sagrado
rumor boato
rubber borracha
rocky rocky
right acordo
return regresso
retired reformado
retarded atrasado
request pedido
remember lembre
regular normal
promises promessas
private praça
pricket prickett
praying rezar
possibility possibilidade
possession posse
point altura
planes aviões
paperwork papelada
older velha
named chamada
motherfuckers cabrões
motel motel
montgomery montgomery
monsieur monsieur
minas minas
might poderia
mexico mexico
meters metros
meeting conhecer
medicine remédio
manual manual
maine maine
lungs pulmões
locked fechado
little homenzinho
liked gostei
license licença
ladies damas
killers assassinos
keeps continua
julian julian
jorge jorge
jocelyn jocelyn
jennifer jennifer
jelly jelly
iucky sorte
iooking procura
investigator investigador
instant instante
inigo inigo
homes casas
hills hills
henderson henderson
helped ajudei
harkonnen harkonnen
greer greer
great porreiro
grades notas
galaxy galáxia
frisbee frisbee
fossa fossas
fortunately felizmente
floyd floyd
figured achei
fezzik fezzik
fender fender
fabulous fabuloso
expect esperar
exercise exercício
exchange troca
eventually eventualmente
engagement noivado
eaten comido
duncan duncan
dollar dólar
dining jantar
definitely certeza
defeat derrotar
dancing dança
created criou
counting contar
counting contando
conspiracy conspiração
considering considerando
consciousness consciência
connor connor
complete completo
complaint queixa
community cívico
clovers clovers
close próximo
close feche
closed fechada
climb subir
clark clark
chips chips
chill calma
cheech cheech
characters personagens
challenge desafio
cavalry cavalaria
carrot cenoura
cannot consigo
buttercup buttercup
buddy tommy
brought trouxeste
brother irmãozinho
bring trouxe
brains miolos
blanche blanche
better melhorar
belong pertence
bellboy bellboy
believed acreditava
began começou
beers cervejas
beechwood beachwood
beautiful lindas
beans feijões
barbara barbara
balloon balão
award prémio
asked perguntou
apostle apóstolo
alert alerta
again repetir
adams adams
actress actriz
accounts contas
according segundo
aaron aaron
yellow amarela
wrote escrevi
would gostarias
worley worley
working trabalhado
women mulher
white white
wheel volante
wheels rodas
wheelchair rodas
weiss weiss
wealth riqueza
watters watters
washing lavar
vivian vivian
ventura ventura
vengeance vingança
vault cofre
using usando
understand percebi
understand percebe
understand entendem
tryin tentar
trinke trinke
trained treinado
tourists turistas
toots toots
tools ferramentas
tirith tirith
throw atirar
think pensamos
testify testemunhar
terror terror
terminal terminal
teacher mestre
talking conversar
talked falamos
takes demora
systems sistemas
suzie suzie
suspects suspeitos
study estudo
silas silas
signature assinatura
sickness doença
shortcut atalho
shoot dispare
sexually sexualmente
senses sentidos
season época
scientist cientista
scene local
saving salvar
rusty rusty
rumors rumores
roads estradas
right sério
right exactamente
resende resende
relief alívio
rehearsal ensaio
reasonable razoável
reading leitura
ratchet ratchet
range alcance
probably calhar
presentation apresentação
practice praticar
potion mágica
pornography pornografia
political político
pillow almofada
pikey cigano
photograph fotografia
period período
pelayo pelayo
payment pagamento
pardon desculpe
parade parade
paint pintar
opening abrir
obviously óbvio
normal normais
neither nenhum
neighborhood vizinhança
myself sozinha
musicians músicos
moving mudar
motive motivo
morales morales
might possa
method método
masses massas
massacre massacre
massachusetts massachusetts
martha martha
marks marcas
marina marina
mariachi mariachi
manners maneiras
makes torna
maintenance manutenção
madness loucura
lovers amantes
loved amado
losers falhados
locked trancada
lipstick baton
license carta
leave deixo
killed mataram
kidding brincando
journalist jornalista
janet janet
jamie jamie
instincts instintos
inspiration inspiração
impressed impressionado
importance importância
immortal imortal
images imagens
iittle pouco
idiots idiotas
identification identificação
ideas ideia
hitting bater
harrison harrison
happen acontecerá
guitar guitarra
great muito
greater maior
gravity gravidade
going ficar
gillespie gillespie
gilles gilles
funny estranho
fries fritas
friends amigo
fremen fremen
freeze quietos
found encontraste
found descobriu
folks pessoas
final última
files ficheiros
figure perceber
fight combater
feffer feffer
feeling pressentimento
fantasies fantasias
falls falls
expect espero
enter entrar
engineering engenharia
embassy embaixada
effects efeitos
dynamite dinamite
drives acessos
drive conduz
downtown baixa
development desenvolvimento
deuce deuce
destroyed destruída
destination destino
deserve merecem
delicious delicioso
declan declan
decided decidido
dangerous perigosos
damon damon
cycle ciclo
crazy doidos
county county
county condado
copies cópias
conners conners
confirmation confirmação
concentrate concentrar
compton compton
compliment elogio
complex complexo
compete competir
colors cores
colleagues colegas
colleague colega
coilege universidade
clues pistas
clouds nuvens
civilians civis
cinque cinque
chuckie chuckie
chips batatas
check verifica
champ campeão
carmen carmem
carefully atenção
cannon canhão
canada canadá
calls telefonemas
byrnes byrnes
bushes arbustos
bullshit mentira
built construída
buildings edifícios
brown brown
broken quebrado
bring trouxeste
bring levar
briefcase pasta
brenner brenner
bowling bowling
bigger maiores
better meihor
beings humanos
being seres
because devido
bartleby bartleby
barbie barbie
banquet banquete
audience audiência
asshole parvalhão
ashes cinzas
another noutra
angry zangada
angel angel
alright certo
alibi álibi
alchemyest alquimista
agency agência
agamemnon agamemnon
again voltar
after quando
advice conselhos
about respeito
yours vosso
yourself mesma
wrong errados
write escrevo
wounds feridas
wonderful fantástico
wives esposas
winifred winifred
which quais
welcome vinda
watching olhar
waste perder
wanna querer
virginity virgindade
violation violação
vienna viena
veins veias
values valores
unacceptable inaceitável
turtle tartaruga
traffic tráfego
towns cidade
totem totem
torture tortura
tires pneus
tinker sininho
thirty trinta
think achamos
things coisa
there chegar
thanksgiving graças
teams equipas
taking tomar
taken levado
tables mesas
sushi sushi
stuff material
stole roubaram
staros staros
stansfield stansfield
stand ficar
spread espalhar
speak falamos
sorry muito
sorry descuipe
sofía sofia
sober sóbrio
smile sorriam
smile sorria
smeagol sméagol
situation problema
single único
sidarthur sidarthur
shower chuveiro
shower banho
shorty shorty
shall devemos
several várias
semester semestre
script guião
scream gritar
scientists cientistas
school faculdade
saying dizia
samantha samantha
saint santa
rumble batalha
romeo romeu
romantic romântica
rocks rochas
result resultado
rescue salvar
represents representa
reports relatórios
remember recordo
records discos
rebecca rebecca
reaction reacção
rathbone rathbone
raining chover
radiation radiação
questions pergunta
queen queen
pudding pudim
promise prometes
promised prometeste
privilege privilégio
priority prioridade
pretending fingir
people outros
partner colega
particular particular
paranoid paranóico
papers documentos
package pacote
otherwise senão
oracle oráculo
observation observação
objection protesto
obelix obélix
noticed reparei
nobody ninguem
ninjas ninjas
nigel nigel
nations nações
muscles músculos
miter miter
merci obrigado
mental mental
menelaus menelaus
memory recordação
meeting encontro
medical médica
medal medalha
means meios
mayhem destruição
maybe possivelmente
married casei
manager chefe
mammoth mamute
maddox maddox
loves gosta
little pequenino
letting deixar
leaders líderes
lázaro lázaro
laramie laramie
known soubesse
known saber
knowing sabendo
knock bater
kisses beijos
killed mortos
kidding brincadeira
kennedy kennedy
keith keith
junco junco
judges juízes
jesus santo
jacques jacques
jackal chacal
integrity integridade
institution instituição
instinct instinto
individual indivíduo
impress impressionar
ideas idéias
humanity humanidade
however contudo
honour honra
holiday férias
heads cabeça
harper harper
harkonnens harkonnens
hamilton hamilton
guilt culpa
growing crescer
goosfraba goosfraba
giants gigantes
giant gigantes
generous generoso
gauls gauleses
forgot esquecido
forget esquecerei
forget esqueçam
follow segue
flynn flynn
finished acabado
fella amigo
feels parece
farquaad farquaad
faraday faraday
fantastic fantástica
faking fingir
failure fracasso
executive executivo
excuses desculpas
exciting emocionante
excited excitada
exception excepção
exactly mesmo
essence essência
especially sobretudo
enough chegue
employees empregados
emmett emmett
either qualquer
easter páscoa
easily facilmente
durden durden
dubai dubai
drive guiar
drexl drexl
dreaming sonhando
dramatic dramático
doubt dúvidas
donnagon donnagon
dishes pratos
diana diana
dessert sobremesa
description descrição
derry derry
depression depressão
denmark dinamarca
deliver entregar
dealing lidar
cyrano cyrano
created criado
crazy doida
courtroom tribunal
count contagem
convoy comboio
confused confusa
confidence confiança
command ordem
comfortable confortáveis
cockroach barata
close quase
clock horas
classic clássico
civilization civilização
christine christine
chick miúda
chickens frangos
charming encantadora
charley charley
changed mudaste
changed mudaram
chance acaso
champions campeões
certainly claro
cells células
caviar caviar
cause causar
catherine catherine
carefully cuidado
cancel cancelar
cameras câmaras
calls chama
burton burton
buried enterrado
buried enterrada
burden fardo
built construído
bugsy bugsy
budget orçamento
brought trazido
brooks brooks
broke partiste
bricks tijolos
brave valente
brainerd brainerd
board conselho
blame culpa
black pretos
bitches putas
benjamin benjamin
bells sinos
believed acreditei
before perante
beaver beaver
bathtub banheira
bastard sacana
balls coragem
bacon bacon
arrest prisão
arrest prender
ariel ariel
angle ângulo
amazing fantástico
allow permitir
alison alison
alcatraz alcatraz
actually mesmo
accent sotaque
about disso
wrench inglesa
wounded ferido
would seriam
would queria
would fosse
working resultar
wonder admira
winston winston
whitney whitney
whatever tanto
watch atenção
waste desperdício
warrant mandato
walls muralhas
vizzini vizzini
verdict veredicto
veraldi veraldi
vehicles veículos
vegetarian vegetariano
vampire vampiros
tried tentamos
transport transporte
train treinar
together juntar
tired farta
times momentos
tijuana tijuana
thousand milhares
thought pensavas
thought pensámos
thought ideia
think pensaste
think achaste
theater cinema
thailand tailândia
testimony testemunho
terrible horrível
temporary temporário
telling dizendo
taste sabor
talking falas
switch interruptor
suspicious suspeito
survived sobreviveu
surgeon cirurgião
stuck presos
straight directamente
stopped parei
stole roubei
stole roubaste
start recomeçar
started começámos
species espécie
spaghetti esparguete
soldier soidado
small pequenas
smaller pequeno
sloan sloan
sleep durmo
sleep dormes
shrimp camarão
showing mostrar
should devesse
short curto
shooting disparar
shirt shirt
several vários
sessions sessões
services serviços
series série
senate senado
secure seguro
second instante
seats lugares
sealed selado
scholarship bolsa
scarface scarface
scare assustar
scandal escândalo
sauron sauron
sacrifice sacrificar
sachs sachs
rosco rosco
rollergirl rollergirl
rocket foguete
right vamos
reynald reynald
revolt revolta
reverend reverendo
reservation reserva
relationships relações
questions questões
puzzle puzzle
prototype protótipo
promised prometeu
prince prince
priam príamo
prepared preparados
pregnancy gravidez
precious preciosa
population população
point objectivo
playing jogando
pistol pistola
pippin pippin
pieces peças
physical físico
paula paula
parton parton
partners sócios
oxford oxford
option opção
offense ofensa
occasion ocasião
notes notas
nigger negro
needle agulha
murdock murdock
murder crime
mufasa mufasa
moving mexer
motor motor
mortal mortal
morrison morrison
moron idiota
morning manhãs
monet monet
mommy mãezinha
missiles mísseis
missed perdi
miramax miramax
medicine medicina
medication medicação
massey massey
marisol marisol
marilyn marilyn
maintain manter
luggage bagagem
loved adorei
loved adorava
loser perdedor
lomax lomax
lizard lizard
likely provável
liked gostou
lightning relâmpago
liars mentirosos
lerner lerner
lemon limão
legally legalmente
ladder escada
kingpin crime
kelson kelson
jewish judia
jewelry jóias
jesus cristo
jensen jensen
issue questão
interviews entrevistas
intend tenciono
iawyer advogado
iater tarde
humvees veícuios
hoped esperava
honestly honestamente
highness majestade
havana havana
harvest colheita
harmless inofensivo
harlem harlem
happier feliz
happen acontecesse
hanging pendurado
handcuffs algemas
halloween halloween
gurney gurney
great optimo
grazie obrigado
grave sepultura
gratitude gratidão
graciella graciella
gisbourne gisbourne
genius gênio
gates portões
forgiveness perdão
flashlights lanternas
fishing pesca
finished acabei
final último
fight briga
fiancé noivo
ferula ferula
fellas amigos
favorite preferido
fátima fátima
faces rostos
explain explico
experiences experiências
except exceto
everywhere parte
everybody gente
errol errol
engaged noiva
empty vazios
emotions emoções
eclipse eclipse
dying morrendo
dream sonhos
dread infame
dough massa
disguise disfarce
digital digital
destroyed destruiu
democracy democracia
death morrer
daughter fiiha
dante dante
curious curioso
crispin crispin
crisis crise
cover cobre
could podiamos
coordinates coordenadas
cooking cozinhar
convent convento
constant constante
conquer conquistar
congresswoman congressista
confirm confirmar
compassion compaixão
colonel coronei
clinic clínica
civilian civil
civil civil
choose escolhe
checked verifiquei
charges queixa
charges acusações
charge comando
chapter capítulo
chances hipóteses
chain corrente
cents cêntimos
cedric cedric
cecilia cecília
cantwell cantwell
cancer câncer
canal canal
callahan callahan
calhoun calhoun
cakes bolos
buznik buznik
butcher carniceiro
business trabalho
brought trouxeram
broke partiu
britain bretanha
breasts seios
break pausa
boomer boomer
bookies corretores
bonjour bonjour
blade lâmina
bitches cabras
biscuits biscoitos
birth nascimento
believe acreditamos
beginning princípio
beautiful bonitas
basketball basquetebol
baldwin baldwin
backup reforços
backup apoio
autograph autógrafo
aurore aurore
assignment missão
asked perguntaste
apologies desculpas
anyway afinal
anders anders
allergic alérgico
adults adultos
adorable adorável
actually realidade
accidents acidentes
about falei
yours vossa
write escreva
would fariam
worth valha
worth valer
worked resultou
woods chefe
woman muiher
winners vencedores
willing disposta
white brancas
whistle apito
warrior guerreira
warren warren
wanna quiseres
wanna quiser
wanna queremos
waitress empregada
waiting esperei
waiter empregado
value valor
until enquanto
turkish turco
turkey turquia
trying tentado
trying queria
trusted confiei
trust acredite
tried tentaste
toothpaste pasta
tired farto
thought achou
thinkin pensar
thinking penso
theft roubo
testosterone testosterona
temporary temporária
temperature temperatura
talked falámos
swallow engolir
straight direito
steiner steiner
started começaste
staring olhar
stadium estádio
stable estável
squirrels esquilos
square quadrado
square praça
spoke falou
split dividir
speed speed
space espacial
sorry arrependido
songs músicas
somewhere noutro
soccer futebol
slept dormiste
sleeping dormindo
sleep durma
sleep dormiste
skeletons esqueletos
sitting sentados
signals sinais
short curta
shinzon shinzon
shining shining
shields escudos
sheets lençóis
shape forma
sewer esgoto
serial série
screaming gritos
scion descendente
school secundário
schmidt schmidt
samples amostras
safely segurança
ruins ruínas
route caminho
rohan rohan
robbery assalto
risky arriscado
right imediatamente
rider cavaleiro
return troca
return devolver
resources recursos
resist resistir
reporter repórter
repeat repetir
receipt recibo
reason razões
realized percebi
reaily muito
rayden rayden
raphael raphael
rancho rancho
questions dúvidas
purse bolsa
publicity publicidade
proud orgulhosos
protein proteínas
protecting proteger
proposition proposta
prison cadeia
principles princípios
precisely exactamente
portugal portugal
policy política
plants plantas
planning planear
places sítios
physically fisicamente
phenomenon fenómeno
perspective perspectiva
permission autorização
patch prémio
passed passou
party grupo
parker parker
paintings pinturas
outta embora
ought devias
other contrário
organs órgãos
opposite oposto
opened abriu
nygma nygma
nonsense disparate
nigga preto
newspapers jornais
nationals nacionais
nascar nascar
musical musical
murph murph
moving andar
movement movimento
month meses
monitor monitor
modern moderna
missing perder
minimum mínimo
mindlock bloqueio
might poderá
merrin merrin
matter importância
marine marine
marinade marinada
mansion mansão
malcolm malcolm
major grande
madame senhora
macdonald macdonald
louison louison
lottery lotaria
loose solta
location local
lived vivia
lived viveu
lionel lionel
lines falas
light acende
lemonade limonada
leaves folhas
leave deixou
latin latim
lance lança
kubitz kubitz
krupke krupke
kombat mortal
kilos quilos
killed morrer
kiddo rapaz
karen karen
jiang jiang
jesus caramba
jenny jenny
issues problemas
investigators investigadores
invasion invasão
interested interessados
insane louca
indian índio
importantly importante
identify identificar
husband esposo
hoping espero
honest honestos
holland holanda
hired contratado
hiding escondido
harmony harmonia
happening acontecendo
happen acaso
handle trato
handle conta
guillermo guillermo
guilder guilder
guess adivinhe
guard costeira
guarantee garanto
ground terra
greedy ganancioso
great maravilhoso
great fantástica
great espectacular
great demais
going havendo
godfather padrinho
gloves luvas
giraffe girafa
gawain gawain
gathered reunidos
gasoline gasolina
further longe
fuiler fuller
fruit fruto
fronsac fronsac
french franceses
found achou
forgot esqueceu
forehead testa
finds descobrir
fifty cinquenta
fiction ficção
fiancee noiva
fiancée noiva
festival festival
feels sente
feeling sentindo
faramir faramir
failed falhei
explode explodir
executed executado
excitement excitação
except menos
exceptions excepções
evacuation evacuação
esparza esparza
equal iguais
entering entrar
engines motores
emotion emoção
ellie ellie
economy economia
dream pesadelo
dreamed sonhei
drawer gaveta
doorman porteiro
disaster desastre
disappointed desiludido
difficult dificil
differences diferenças
dickon dickon
diamonds diamantes
device dispositivo
detroit detroit
despair desespero
describe descrever
demonstration demonstração
definitely dúvida
daddy paizinho
creation criação
crazy crazy
covered coberto
courts tribunais
court fórum
course curso
counts conta
could pudessem
could poderiam
corpse cadáver
corps corpo
copperbottom copperbottom
cooter cooter
contract contracto
contact contactar
connected ligado
condoms preservativos
concern preocupação
compass bússola
commodore comandante
commissioner comissário
coming vinha
comes chega
closing fechar
chosen escolhido
choice hipótese
checks cheques
certain certos
centre centro
caught apanhados
carry levar
careful cuidadoso
candy doces
camera câmera
caesar caesar
butts butts
buttons botões
burning arder
bunny coelhinha
bunch cambada
built construiu
buggit buggit
budapest budapeste
brown castanho
breath respiração
bottles garrafas
bolotov bolotov
block quarteirão
blind cegos
blanca blanca
blame culpar
blake blake
blade espada
bitten mordido
bitch cabrão
biederman beiderman
belts cintos
below baixo
belong lugar
beginning começar
bedrooms quartos
battles batalhas
bathroom banheiro
bastard cabrão
baseball baseball
balls bolas
avenue avenue
attendant bordo
atlantic atlântico
assume presumo
asshole cretino
armor armadura
arizona arizona
appeared apareceu
anniversary aniversário
ancestors antepassados
amistad amistad
although apesar
airplane avião
agree concorda
agree acordo
aggie aggie
adult adulto
zaphod zaphod
yourself contigo
yahzee yahzee
worms vermes
wonder pensar
wladek wladyslaw
wishes desejos
winkler winkler
willy willy
willing dispostos
willie willie
whores putas
watch olhar
waste perda
waiting esperam
vulnerable vulnerável
viagra viagra
veruca veruca
version versão
vernon vernon
vehicle carro
vaughn vaughn
vanessa vanessa
vagina vagina
vaako vaako
users utilizadores
upgrades upgrades
unlike contrário
unique único
understand entendeste
understand compreendem
tyres pneus
tuttle tuttle
turned virou
tucker tucker
trouble sarilho
tries tenta
tried tentámos
tricks truques
transplant transplante
traitors traidores
towns cidades
tourist turista
tough durão
toilet banho
titanium titânio
thunder trovão
through atravessar
think julgo
thing aquilo
there houvesse
there houver
theirs deles
testing testando
terrorists terroristas
territory território
taught ensinei
taste provar
talked falaste
swear juras
superior superior
sunhill sunhiii
suits fatos
suggesting sugerir
studied estudei
student aluno
stopped pararam
stopped deixei
still continuam
stewart stewart
squadron esquadrão
spies espiões
speeches discursos
specific específico
species espécies
spaniards espanhóis
somewhere outro
sometime destes
somehow forma
silly tonto
sight visão
shows programas
should queres
should devesses
shelter abrigo
shares acções
shane shane
shakespeare shakespeare
sexual sexuais
serve notificar
servants criados
serious sérios
serious grave
september setembro
sentimental sentimental
second pouco
search procurar
scout escuteiro
schedule agenda
scars cicatrizes
saying falar
sarcasm sarcasmo
salvatore salvatore
salsa salsa
sales vendas
salesman vendedor
saladin saladino
safer seguro
russian russa
rumor rumor
round round
roses rosas
right óptimo
return voltem
return volta
respect respeitar
rescue resgate
remain ficar
reinaldo reinaldo
regret arrepender
reggie reggie
refrigerator frigorífico
reena reena
reception recepção
realize perceber
ready preparar
rational racional
ransom resgate
quoyles quoyles
question coisa
queens queens
quarantine quarentena
proudfoot proudfoot
protected protegido
profession profissão
professionals profissionais
prize prêmio
prints impressões
principal director
prenup nupcial
prentiss prentiss
prefer prefere
precisely precisamente
precinct esquadra
prayers orações
powwow powwow
poverty pobreza
portuguese português
porch alpendre
politicians políticos
point momento
players jogadores
plate matrícula
piece bocado
physics física
permanent permanente
pawnee pawnee
patroclus pátroclo
passengers passageiros
parts partes
particles partículas
parking estacionamento
pancakes panquecas
often frequência
official oficial
office consultório
november novembro
niece sobrinha
newton newton
nephew primo
needed precisei
naturally claro
myself mesmo
murdered assassinada
moved mudei
motion movimento
motherfucker filho
moscow moscovo
morrow morrow
morning amanhã
mordor mordor
monsieur senhor
moment minuto
molly moiiy
misses sente
minute minutos
minute instante
miguel miguel
methods métodos
memorial memorial
meeting encontrar
medical médico
meantime entretanto
matthew matthew
massage massagem
married casaste
manner maneira
management choque
magic mágico
lying mentindo
louisiana louisiana
losers perdedores
lookin olhar
looked olhou
looked olhaste
logic lógica
locked fechada
living vivos
living vivendo
lived vivido
little pequenas
literature literatura
literally literalmente
listen escutar
levels níveis
leland leland
leaves deixa
learned aprendeu
learned aprendeste
latest último
lands terras
landing aterragem
ladies senhoritas
kidnapped raptada
katrina katrina
kaplan kaplan
jurisdiction jurisdição
judgment julgamento
judge julgar
jealous ciumento
jamison jamison
jamaican jamaicano
ivory lvory
italy itália
ister ister
isaac isaac
invited convidado
investigating investigar
intruders intrusos
interesting interessantes
interested interessa
instruments instrumentos
informed informado
infected infectado
inches centímetros
impossible impossivel
imbecile imbecil
ignore ignorar
hunch palpite
hotels hotéis
hopefully espero
hondo hondo
homework trabalhos
holger holger
heysanna heysanna
hedare hedare
heavy pesada
hayes hayes
harassment assédio
happily felizes
happens aconteça
happened acontecer
happen acontecido
gypsies ciganos
gudge gudge
grenades granadas
greetings saudações
green verdes
greek grego
graham graham
gotta deves
gotham gothan
gonna farei
goddamn malditos
gobei gobei
glitches defeitos
gipsy cigano
ghetto gueto
gesture gesto
general geral
gabrielle gabrielle
fucking foder
fucking cabrão
friend amigos
francs francos
foreign estrangeira
flute flauta
first primeiras
finished terminou
figure pensar
fighting combater
female fêmea
federation federação
february fevereiro
fanny fanny
failed falharam
extremely extremamente
express express
expect esperavas
expected esperava
eversmann eversmann
events eventos
eternal eterna
especially principalmente
employee empregado
embarrassing embaraçoso
embarrassed vergonha
elisabeth eiisabeth
elephant elefante
element elemento
electricity electricidade
election eleições
egypt egipto
editor editor
ector ector
earrings brincos
drunk bêbada
driver taxista
doris doris
doing estão
dizzy dizzy
diner restaurante
different outro
diapers fraldas
deucey deuce
desperate desesperado
depending dependendo
denahi denahi
decide decides
davis davis
dahlia dahlia
cynthia cynthia
crumbs migalhas
creator criador
counter balcão
counted contei
cotton algodão
cookie cookie
controls controla
constantly constantemente
consequences consequências
connecticut connecticut
conley conley
conflict conflito
confirmed confirmado
comic desenhada
comes chegar
coins moedas
clowns palhaços
close pouco
clocha clocha
christian christian
chinese chineses
cheetah chiita
cheaper barato
charge mando
charge carga
chapman chapman
changes mudanças
chains correntes
carpet tapete
captain capitao
capital capital
candy chocolate
cameron cameron
butterfly borboleta
businessman negócios
bucket balde
brown castanha
brokerage corretora
broken quebrada
bring trago
bright brilhante
breeze brisa
breath hálito
breath fôlego
break quebrar
break descanso
break acabar
bottom baixo
borrowed emprestado
bonus bónus
bodies cadáveres
blessing benção
bigalow bigalow
bheema bheema
below abaixo
belief crença
begun começou
begin comece
begbie begbie
beard barba
baxter baxter
balloons balões
balance equilíbrio
australia austrália
auditions audições
attacked atacado
ashtray ashtray
arguing discutir
argue discutir
architect arquitecto
anton anton
antidote antídoto
answer atende
another outros
anita anita
analysis análise
amateurs amadores
allies aliados
alicia alicia
alexandra alexandra
akasha akasha
airlines airlines
advantage vantagem
admit admito
actually facto
actually aliás
accidentally acidentalmente
ability habilidade
zorro zorro
yourself próprios
wound ferimento
worst piores
worried preocupados
working trabalho
working trabalhas
worked trabalhaste
wolves lobos
wilde wilde
whore prostituta
whatever queiras
wearing vestido
warsaw varsóvia
warned avisado
warden chefe
visitor visita
visiting visita
vietnamese vietnamita
video video
victim vitima
unfair injusto
underwear interior
underwear cuecas
understand entenderia
twombly twombiy
tweedy tweedy
turtles tartarugas
trying tentava
trying quero
truly verdadeiramente
trouble apuros
trotter trotter
treason traição
transferred transferido
trained treinados
towels toalhas
touched toquei
touched tocado
titties mamas
tinkles tinkles
thunder thunder
thufir thufir
thrust impulso
thought pensávamos
thought pensamos
think pensavas
think pensava
thinking pensas
thing problema
these nestas
these disto
thatcher colmeiro
thank ainda
terrorism terrorismo
tequila tequila
tension tensão
temporarily temporariamente
teenager adolescente
teacher maestro
talked falou
talked falado
talents talentos
takes necessário
sweater camisola
supposed devíamos
support apoiar
supermarket supermercado
sunday domingos
suggestion sugestão
success êxito
subtle subtil
strong força
stripper stripper
stress stress
strange estranhos
strange estranhas
stevie stevie
steve stevie
stereo stereo
steph steph
stayed ficou
starting começando
start começam
stark stark
stapler abrochadora
stanford stanford
square square
spring fonte
sports desportos
sport desporto
southwest sudoeste
sorry desculpas
sophisticated sofisticado
something coisas
sobel sobel
smokin fumar
smart espertos
small small
slept dormido
slavicky slavicky
sixteen dezasseis
sister irmãzinha
singer singer
simulation simulação
simpler simples
sierra sierra
sidekicks auxiliares
shuttle vaivém
should devessemos
shell shell
sharp ponto
settle resolver
security seguranças
science ciências
savior salvador
sausage salsicha
satisfy satisfazer
satisfied satisfeito
satan satanás
saruman saruman
sardis sardis
santos santos
salvador salvador
salazar salazar
salary salário
sailor marinheiro
sacred sagrada
runway pista
rough difícil
rookie novato
right justo
right agora
rifki rifki
rexroth rexroth
revolutionary revolucionário
review avaliação
revenge vingar
respectable respeitável
research pesquisas
research investigação
representative representante
received recebeu
really gosto
realize conta
reaily realmente
rammy rammy
quiet calada
quest missão
province província
prostate próstata
prosecution acusação
prophecy profecia
promised prometido
progress progressos
professors professores
procedures procedimentos
probably provávelmente
probably estar
priests padres
present apresentar
pregnant engravidar
prayers preces
praetor pretor
powerful poderosos
potato batata
point chegar
point assunto
plath plath
plate placa
place iugar
pissed chateado
piece monte
piece fatia
picture imagem
picture filme
pickles pickles
petra petra
petition petição
perfect perfeitas
peanuts amendoins
patient doente
pastor pastor
partner parceira
partner companheiro
paquito paquito
panicked pânico
panel painel
pamela pamela
pairs pares
overnight noite
outside exterior
orientation orientação
orgasm orgasmo
order pedir
operator operador
ooooh ooooh
officer guarda
obligation obrigação
object objecto
nights noite
niemans niemans
ngers extendidas
newjersey jersey
negotiate negociar
needles agulhas
needed precisávamos
needed precisamos
necessarily necessariamente
napster napster
nagurski nagurski
music musica
murder matar
moving movimento
moves movimentos
mostly sobretudo
morphine morfina
moral moral
monitors monitores
money massa
moment instante
modest modesto
miracles milagres
might podia
might capaz
microphone microfone
michael michaei
memories lembranças
melanie melanie
meant queria
mcduff mcduff
mccann mccann
master central
masks máscaras
marquis marquês
marks marcos
marcel marcel
making cometer
magrathea magrathea
mafia máfia
maddy maddy
macro orcem
lucky sortuda
looking procuras
looking procuramos
looking procuram
local local
lobby entrada
lizzie lizzie
livingstone livingstone
liver fígado
lived viveram
little coisinha
listen presta
listen atenção
lions leões
light light
lighter isqueiro
leaving deixando
leather couro
lazarus lázaro
layers camadas
largeman largeman
lampley lampley
kostya kostya
knows saiba
knives facas
killed morta
killed matámos
kiiler assassino
keyes keyes
kerry kerry
kendricks kendricks
keisha keisha
junior júnior
jumped saltou
journal diário
jonnie jonnie
jiangs jiangs
japan japão
japanese japoneses
jankis jankis
jacob jacob
jackson jackson
isengard isengard
isabel isabel
invited convidou
invention invenção
invented inventou
intellectual intelectual
insane loucura
insane doido
imagine imagine
imaginary imaginário
hyenas hienas
hostile hostil
hoping esperava
honor meritíssima
honesty honestidade
homework trabalho
hockey hóquei
hobbits hobbits
herself própria
herry herry
hercule hercule
henny henny
heard notícias
havers havers
hauser hauser
harridan harridan
hardest difícil
happy contentes
happening passar
habit hábito
guilty inocente
great óptimos
grateful agradecido
grandma avozinha
going fazer
going correr
goddamn maldição
glasses copos
girls pequenas
gibert giber
getting ficando
genetic genético
genetic genética
garfield garfield
gangster gangster
gallo gallo
gadgetmobile gadgetomóvel
future futura
fucked lixados
fucked fodida
frozen congelado
front diante
frightened assustado
francois françois
found descobrimos
found achamos
follow atrás
flying voando
floors andares
fleet frota
fishy peixe
fisherman pescador
first princípio
firing disparar
fires fogos
finished terminei
fingerprints impressões
fight lutam
fidel fidel
ferront ferront
fernando fernando
fellas pessoal
feeling sentimento
feeling sente
favorite favorite
fabric tecido
extraordinary extraordinária
expecting esperava
expectations expectativas
exactly propriamente
event evento
eternal eterno
episode episódio
entirely inteiramente
entirely completamente
enough suficientes
enjoy aproveite
efficient eficiente
efficiency eficiência
easiest fácil
dylan dylan
dresses vestidos
dream sonhei
document documento
doctor médica
divine divino
distant distante
discussion discussão
discuss falar
discipline disciplina
digging cavar
diane diane
diamond diamond
desouza desouza
deserved merecia
deeply profundamente
debts dívidas
deaths mortes
dancer dançarino
dance dance
damage danos
curious curiosa
cuban cubana
cruise cruzeiro
crown crown
cross atravessar
creative criatividade
crack crack
cover cobertura
course obvio
course ciaro
couples casais
country campo
costs custa
corps fuzileiros
coral coral
convention convenção
continue continue
continent continente
contacts contactos
considered considerado
consider considerar
computer computadores
compared comparado
communist comunista
communicate comunicar
commission comissão
commerce comércio
coming vinhas
comets cometas
close fechem
clever esperta
clesius cletus
christmas natai
chose escolheu
children pequenos
cheryl cheryl
cherry cereja
chemistry química
cheerleaders cheerleaders
charge responsável
channels canais
change variar
changed mudado
caves cavernas
caused causou
cassandra cassandra
campsite acampamento
cameras câmeras
caiaphas caiafás
butter amendoim
business assuntos
bunny bunny
buffalo búfalo
bubbles bolhas
bruno bruno
broom broom
bring trará
bringing levar
brandy brandy
borrow emprestado
boring aborrecido
bollocks bolas
blonde loura
blindie ceguinho
bitch sacana
bitch cadela
biology biologia
beware cuidado
better espero
betrayed traído
bethany bethany
bession bession
believe acreditem
becca becca
basement porão
barrier barreira
awesome incrível
awesome fantástico
authorization autorização
attempted tentativa
athena atena
asylum asilo
asshole estúpido
asking pedindo
arrived cheguei
arrive chegar
arrival chegada
armed armados
appreciate apreciar
apollo apolo
answer responda
anger terapia
anger fúria
angela angela
amount quantidade
amongst entre
amazing espectacular
amarillo amarillo
alvarez alvarez
alpha alpha
aliens alienígenas
alexandria alexandria
alexandre alexandre
albanian albanês
afonso afonso
administration administração
addiction vício
activities actividades
absolutely certeza
young novos
yoshi yoshi
yorkin yorkin
yellow amarelas
wrong erradas
wrong enganada
writes escreve
working tratar
working trabalha
working funciona
worked trabalhado
wondering saber
wizard magos
witches bruxas
wisconsin wisconsin
winkel winkle
winesap winesap
wilbur wilbur
whistler whistler
whiskey whiskey
where quando
wesley wesley
wendell wendell
wells wells
wearing usando
watch observa
walters walters
wallaby wallaby
wakes acorda
voyage viagem
voodoo voodoo
virtual virtual
vince vince
verse verso
vegetables vegetais
usual sempre
until antes
uniforms uniformes
unhappy infeliz
unemployed desempregado
understood entendido
ulysses ulisses
ukata ukata
turns acontece
trust confies
trumpet trompete
truck caminhão
trips viagens
tribe tribo
treated tratado
travel viaja
transportation transporte
transfer transferir
tragic trágico
traditional tradicional
track pista
trace trace
towers towers
touch tocas
tongue lingua
tokyo tokyo
toilet sanita
tobacco tabaco
timothy timothy
tigerland tigre
thursday quinta
throw vomitar
throw jogar
though entanto
think pensou
think pensando
thing assunto
themselves próprios
tests exames
teach ensino
tattoos tatuagens
talked falava
taking levando
taken levada
sweet querida
swann swand
survived sobrevivido
surely certeza
suffering sofrer
straight entendi
straight direto
station station
start comecem
standard normal
stacy stacy
springs springs
spotted manchado
spooner spooner
spoke falava
split dividimos
spent passámos
spent passado
speak falas
something alguém
somethin coisa
somehow maneira
soggy soggy
software software
sleep dormi
sleep dormem
sinners pecadores
singer cantor
since depois
simpson simpson
silent silencioso
shows mostra
showed mostrei
should deveriam
shots tiros
shotgun espingarda
shoot filmar
shirts camisas
shine brilhe
sheev sheeve
sheep ovelha
sharon sharon
share compartilhar
shaman shaman
shall queres
shaking tremer
sertys sertys
sentence frase
sensitive sensíveis
sells vende
seats bancos
season estação
searching procura
scuba mergulho
screwed lixado
score pontuação
schreber schreber
school universidade
school escoia
schedule horário
saying dizem
sayin dizer
saving poupar
savage selvagem
satellites satélites
santamaria santamaria
samuel samuel
russell russell
roots raízes
rooms quartos
roman romana
rodriguez rodriguez
robber ladrão
rituals rituais
rittenhouse rittenhouse
riley riley
reverend madre
returned voltou
returned regressou
responses respostas
reserve reserva
reporters jornalistas
replace substituir
remembered lembrado
release libertação
recover recuperar
recording gravação
record disco
recon reconhecimento
recommend recomendo
recipe receita
received recebi
received recebemos
reasons motivos
really verdadeiramente
reach alcançar
ranger ranger
ranch rancho
raise criar
rabbits coelhos
rabban rabban
quick rapidamente
question questionar
pursuit perseguição
purslane purslane
psycho psicopata
psychopath psicopata
psychic vidente
protocol protocolo
protector protector
propose proponho
problems problema
problem probiema
priorities prioridades
previous anterior
press apresentar
present prenda
prepared preparada
predator predador
practical prático
power força
pound quilo
possibly possivelmente
portable móvel
political política
policeman polícia
point point
pleased prazer
plate prato
plant fábrica
planets planetas
picked escolheste
peter pedro
perfect perfeição
penicillin penicilina
paulson paulsen
paulette paulette
patrón patrón
pathetic patética
password senha
passed passei
party festejar
partridge partridge
parrish parrish
pardon desculpa
panther pantera
pancho pancho
panama panamá
paint pintura
painter pintor
paine paine
oriental oriental
organ órgão
ordinary comum
orchids orquídeas
orchid orquídea
orbit órbita
optimistic optimista
opportunities oportunidades
onboard bordo
obsession obsessão
nuclear nucleares
novel romance
nottingham nottingham
notice reparar
northeast nordeste
nixon nixon
nineteen dezanove
nicolas nicolas
nevada nevada
neighbourhood bairro
nearby perto
murders crimes
murderers assassinos
munder munder
moustache bigode
morality moralidade
montoya montoya
montes montes
models modelos
misunderstanding entendido
missy missy
mississippi mississippi
missions missões
missed falta
mishka mishka
military exército
might pudesse
might podias
metatron métatron
mention dizer
meiks meiks
medication medicamentos
medals medalhas
mechanic mecânico
meanwhile entretanto
mcqueen mcqueen
mcmanus mcmanus
mcgruff mcgruff
mazel mazel
mattress colchão
matters interessa
marshal marshal
marlin marlin
malibu malibu
making fazendo
magnum magnum
magnificent magnífico
magic mágica
lurkey lurkey
lundegaard lundegaard
luckily felizmente
lucian lucian
lovely adorável
loved gostava
lookin procura
logical lógica
lockridge lockridge
locker cacifo
lobster lagosta
lnfection infecção
lnfected infectados
little pouquinho
listening ouvindo
limbo limbo
light acender
leopard leopardo
legion legião
legal legais
leaves parte
leave saiam
leave partimos
leave abandonar
learning aprendendo
learn aprendeu
learn aprendeste
learn aprendemos
lawson lawson
large grandes
lancelot lancelot
laffite laffite
ladies mulheres
kurtz kurtz
known conheci
kitana kitana
kidnapping sequestro
kidnapping rapto
kidding enganar
kiddin brincar
ketchup ketchup
kerak kerak
kelly kelley
kalina kalina
jetstream jetstream
jethro jethro
jelly geleia
jefferson jefferson
jealous inveja
january janeiro
irrelevant irrelevante
irony ironia
iooks parece
intimacy intimidade
interrupting interromper
international internacionais
instructor instrutor
indians índios
independent independente
indeed claro
incredibly incrivelmente
inconceivable inconcebível
incapable incapaz
imhotep imhotep
imagine imaginas
iives vidas
ibelin ibelin
hunters caçadores
hunter hunter
hummus húmus
humble humilde
house mansão
houdini houdini
hospital hospício
hoping esperando
hoping esperança
hopes esperanças
hookers prostitutas
honor meritíssimo
honestly sinceramente
homicide homicídios
homes lares
holloway holloway
holes buracos
hobby passatempo
himmler himmler
hiller hiller
helpless indefesos
helping ajudando
heard ouvir
healthy saudáveis
headaches dores
haynes haynes
harder força
harbor porto
harbin harbin
hangar hangar
hamburger hamburger
hallelujah aleluia
habits hábitos
guess penso
groups grupos
greener greener
gould gould
gorgeous linda
girls mulheres
girlfriend noiva
gigolos gigolos
gifts presentes
getting receber
georgie georgie
geoffrey geoffrey
gentleman cavalheiro
gelderland gelderland
funny curioso
fucking sacana
fucking grande
fucking gozar
fruit fruta
frances frances
found acharam
forward ansioso
fortress fortaleza
forbidden proibido
follow sigam
followed seguiu
folks amigos
focus concentrar
florin florin
flores flores
flanagan flanagan
fixing arranjar
first começo
finest melhores
fight lutem
fifth quinto
fenimore fenimore
fence vedação
feelings ressentimentos
falcone falcone
faking fingindo
factor factor
expenses despesas
exist existir
excellency excelência
exams exames
exactly precisamente
ethics ética
escaped fugiu
ernest ernest
equilibrium equilíbrio
envelope envelope
entitled direito
enormous enorme
ending final
elkins elkins
elements elementos
elektra elektra
elders anciões
edition edição
earth mundo
dwight dwight
durango durango
drunk bêbados
driving guiar
drinks bebida
drink bebes
dreyfus dreyfus
drawers gavetas
drake drake
double duplo
double dupla
doggy cãozinho
dixon dixon
divorce divórcios
divorced divorciado
district distrito
disease doenças
discovered descobri
discovered descoberto
discover descobrir
discount desconto
disappeared desapareceram
dirty sujas
dirty corrupto
different outra
detective inspector
destroying destruir
desperate desesperados
desmond desmond
depth profundidade
depressed deprimido
delta deita
definition definição
defending defender
defendant acusado
defeat derrota
dedication dedicação
decides decide
decided decidiram
deborah deborah
deadly mortal
dance danço
cursed amaldiçoada
cultures culturas
cruelty crueldade
crucifix crucifixo
crocodiles crocodilos
cripple aleijado
cried chorou
credits créditos
coverage cobertura
courthouse tribunal
country country
counsel advogado
could possamos
could consegui
corpses corpos
convinced convencido
convenient conveniente
convenience conveniência
contrary contrário
constable poiiciai
considered considerados
consideration consideração
congressman congressista
congratulations felicidades
confusing confuso
conditioning condicionamento
completely totalmente
communications comunicações
committed cometeu
coming caminho
comfortable vontade
comes trata
comes aparece
combination combinação
codfish bacalhau
clownfish palhaço
closed encerrado
clerk caixeiro
clear clear
circuit circuito
circles círculos
cinnamon canela
choices escolhas
chivo chivo
chicks gajas
cheng cheng
check verifique
cheating enganar
cheap barato
charming encantado
chano chano
change mudes
chain cadeia
carson carson
carlo carlo
carlito carlito
capacity capacidade
calvin calvin
calls telefonar
callaghan callaghan
cailois caiiois
cabin cabana
butcher talho
buster buster
business assunto
burns queima
bunny coelhinho
buick buick
buddy companheiro
buddy colega
brought trouxemos
bronx bronx
broken partida
brock brock
brien brien
breathing respiração
breast peito
breaking partir
brave corajosos
brave bravo
brautigan brautigan
boarding internato
bluffing bluff
blond louro
blond loura
blonde loira
blessed abençoado
bitch vadia
biography biografia
bikes motos
bicycle bicicleta
bextrum bextrum
betrayal traição
besides aliás
bernadette bernadette
beresford beresford
began comecei
beaver castor
beautiful lindos
beanie gorro
battery bateria
bastards bastardos
bastard estupor
bastard bastardo
basket cesto
baseball basebol
barbossa barbosa
barbecue churrasco
bands bandas
banana banana
ballet ballet
balian balian
baggage bagagens
backpack mochila
ayala ayala
audra audra
audience público
attorney advogada
attacked atacou
attacked atacaram
assassin assassino
aspirin aspirina
aspen aspen
asked pediste
artists artistas
articles artigos
arrived chegaram
armies exércitos
aquatica aquática
april aprii
appropriate apropriado
appointment consulta
announce anunciar
ankle tornozelo
ancient antiga
amazing surpreendente
amazing maravilhoso
amateur amador
altitude altitude
alternative alternativa
allowed permitido
alive vivas
alaska alaska
áivaro áivaro
agree concordar
agree concordamos
aggressive agressiva
africans africanos
aeneas eneias
advanced avançada
adult adultos
acting teatro
across através
absence ausência
about dizer
abort abortar
abandoned abandonado
zebra zebra
yourself sozinha
yourself própria
yevhen yevhen
wrong houve
written escrita
written escreveu
wrists pulsos
worth valia
worth valem
worlds mundos
works resulta
workin trabalhar
woads woads
wizard feiticeiro
wickies wickies
whiskey whisky
whiskey uísque
wheatley wheatley
whatever faças
westin westin
watch vigia
watching olhando
wanted quisesses
wanna queiras
walls muros
waking acordar
waffles waffles
vitasoka vitasoka
vitals vitais
vicente vicente
valium valium
vaguely vagamente
urgent urgente
upstairs subir
unknown desconhecido
unique única
union união
union sindicato
understood percebido
understand percebido
understand percebeu
understand entendi
underneath baixo
ultimate importante
tuesday terças
trying queres
trusted confiança
trouble trabalho
trojan tróia
tried tentasse
trial tribunal
treat travessuras
treachery traição
transmitter transmissor
transition transição
tough forte
touched tocou
torch tocha
toothbrush escova
tomorrow amanha
tomato tomate
tomatoes tomates
tolketna tolketna
together unidos
toast torradas
tigers tigres
throw deitar
throw atira
through durante
those nessas
thirteen treze
thinks pensam
think lembrar
thinkin pensando
thinking pensei
think achou
there haver
testing teste
tempting tentador
temper temperamento
teach ensinas
talking falava
talking faiando
talented talentosa
taking levam
tactic técnica
swords espadas
switch mudar
sweet meigo
sweeney sweeney
suspicion suspeita
suspension suspensão
suspect suspeita
surprised surpreso
surprised surpresa
surprised surpreendida
superiors superiores
superheroes heróis
superboy superboy
suggest sugere
sugatra sugatra
sucking chupar
stupid imbecil
studies estudos
strongest fortes
straight hetero
stores lojas
stopping parar
stopped deixou
stomach barriga
stolen roubada
stokes stokes
stinks cheira
steven steven
stephan stephan
stella stella
stealing roubando
start iniciar
start começou
start começas
start começaremos
stare olhar
spending gastar
spell feitiço
specimen espécime
specialist especialista
speaking propósito
spartan espartano
sound barulho
sorcerer feiticeiro
somerset somerset
someone aiguém
solved resolvido
snakes serpentes
snakes cobras
smells cheiro
sleeve manga
sleep adormecer
slave escravos
skylark skylark
skinheads rapadas
skeleton esqueleto
sixty sessenta
situations situações
sinned pequei
single solteiro
silent calado
signatures assinaturas
sigfried sigfried
shows aparecer
showed mostrou
showed apareceu
should deverá
shooting tiros
shooters atiradores
shoot dispares
shipment carregamento
sheppard sheppard
shepard shepard
shake abana
sexuality sexualidade
settle assentar
seriously seriamente
sequence sequência
separate separar
sending enviar
selection selecção
seill seale
seeing vendo
seeds sementes
secret secret
second minuto
season temporada
search revistar
sealed selada
scotch scotch
scaring assustar
scare assustas
saxon saxões
sandoval sandoval
sanctum esconderijo
sampedro sampedro
sammael sammael
salmon salmão
salmon salmões
safari safari
rupert rupert
roxane roxane
roscoe roscoe
rookies novatos
romulus romulus
romero romero
river river
ritual ritual
rigazzi rigazzi
ridge elevação
riddles enigmas
riddle enigma
ricans riquenhos
rhythm ritmo
review crítica
resurrection ressurreição
reston reston
responsibilities responsabilidades
represent representar
renaissance renascimento
remote comando
relationships relacionamentos
reinforcements reforços
reference referência
record record
recommendation recomendação
recognize reconhece
recent recente
rebuild reconstruir
rarely raramente
raped violada
raise aumento
quote citação
quitting desistir
quiet silencioso
quiet chores
quiet caluda
question dúvida
quesada quesada
quarter quarto
pyramid pirâmide
pursey pursey
punishment castigo
publicists publicistas
protects protege
protect proteja
protect protege
prosecutor acusação
projects projectos
project projeto
probably devem
prison preso
princeton princeton
pretty bonitas
prescription receita
practice treinar
potion poção
possible possivel
poppins poppins
politics políticas
policy apólice
police polícias
poles polacos
polar polar
point ideia
poets poetas
pockets bolsos
playing fazer
pizza pizzaria
pissing mijar
pinky pinky
pilots pilotos
pigeons pombos
piece inteiro
picked escolheu
picard picard
photos fotografias
photographs fotografias
phillips phillips
phillip phillip
philip philip
perform fazer
pepper pepper
pentagon pentágono
pelagos pelagos
peach pêssego
peace peace
payne payne
paulo paulo
paulie paulie
patrick patrick
patient paciência
passing passagem
passed morreu
partner amigo
particularly particularmente
particular especial
paramedics paramédicos
paradiso paradiso
parade desfile
papers papeis
paper papéis
pants cuecas
paintings quadros
pacino pacino
overreacting exagerar
outworld outworld
outmodes obsoletos
ourselves próprios
other conhecemos
othar othar
organism organismo
order pedido
opposite contrário
offered ofereceu
obviously claro
obstacles obstáculos
objects objetos
normality normalidade
noisy barulhento
nipples mamilos
nelson neison
needs precisam
needs necessita
needed precisavas
nazis nazis
natchios natchios
nardo nardo
nails unhas
mysterious misteriosa
myself comigo
muthafucka cabrão
musicals musicais
mumsy mumsy
mulqueen mulqueen
moving mover
moving avançar
mortal mortais
mommy mamãe
momback maispatrás
modern moderno
mitchell mitchell
mistake enganado
missy misse
mississippi mississipi
missed perdeste
minute bocado
minor menor
milligrams miligramas
miller miller
meridian meridian
mende mende
melissa melissa
meetings reuniões
medic médico
medical medicina
medical médicos
meatballs almôndegas
meaning sentido
meals refeições
mcnerney mcnerney
mcguire mcguire
mayor mayor
maxine maxine
maximum máximo
matzerath matzerath
matter aconteça
matches fósforos
match coincidem
matata matata
married casaram
markus markus
marketing marketing
margie margie
marcelo marcelo
maiden solteira
madrigal madrigal
lying deitado
luigi luigi
lsabella isabella
lovely bonito
loses perde
losers fracassados
loser fracassado
lorre lorre
lopes lopes
lonely solitária
loneliness solidão
locked trancado
local locais
living vivido
listening escutando
liquid líquido
liebling liebling
liberty liberty
lexus lexus
lewyn lewyn
legacy legado
leaving partida
leave deixas
landers landers
lance lance
lópez lopez
krusemark krusemark
kruger kruger
kittens gatinhos
killer matador
kidnapped raptado
kicking pontapés
kenneth kenneth
keeping manter
junkie drogado
juliet julieta
julia julia
juicy suculento
judicial judicial
judge juíza
judged julgado
joséphine joséphine
joking brincando
jodie jodie
jigsaw jigsaw
janitor porteiro
israel israel
isolated isolado
isabella isabella
irishwoman irlandesa
irene lrene
ireland irlanda
involved envolvida
invited convidados
invite convidar
investment investimento
inventor inventor
invented inventei
internal interna
interest juros
intention intenção
instincts instinto
inspector lnspector
ingredients ingredientes
inevitable inevitável
individuality individualidade
independence independência
increase aumentar
imperial imperial
immediate imediato
illinois illinois
iittle pequeno
iittle pequena
ignorant ignorante
ignorance ignorância
husbands maridos
hurts magoa
hurry despachar
hudson hudson
horizon horizonte
honor juíza
honored honra
honey docinho
honest franco
holidays festas
holidays férias
holiday feriado
holding segurar
holden holden
hobbit hobbit
himself sozinho
hiding esconderijo
hiding esconde
hidden escondidos
herbie herbie
hello alguém
heard escutei
headset auscultadores
having comer
haunted assombrada
hated odiava
hardly quase
happened passa
happened acontecesse
handle aguentar
hallway corredor
halloween bruxas
hakalugi hakalugi
guitar guitarrista
guess imagino
guarantee garantir
guaranteed garantido
growth crescimento
grown crescido
gross nojento
gringo gringo
grenade granada
great maravilha
grayson gracen
grateful grato
grass relva
grand estação
grandchildren netos
gotham gotham
goodness bondade
godmother madrinha
goddamn porcaria
goddamn bolas
girls gajas
gigolo gigolo
getafix panoramix
gerber gerber
georgia georgia
gentlemen cavaleiros
gentle gentil
gandalf gandalf
gammell gammell
galentine gaientine
frightened assustada
friendly amigo
freezing congelar
freak anormal
fraud fraude
frankly francamente
fourth quarta
found encontrar
fought lutei
former antigo
forget esqueceste
forget esqueço
force polícia
flying voador
flower florista
flour farinha
flash flash
flames chamas
fishing pescar
first início
fireworks artifício
fired despedi
fingered dedos
finds souber
financial financeira
figure figura
fight lutes
fight lutas
fighting lutando
fighters lutadores
fighter lutador
fields campos
fenway fenway
fenster fenster
felicia felicia
fatal fatal
fashioned antiga
farewell adeus
fairy maricas
failed falhou
fabulous fabulosa
eyewitnesses oculares
extraordinary extraordinário
exposed expostos
explore explorar
explains explica
explain explique
explain explica
expert perito
expensive caros
exist existem
existed existia
exhausted exausta
exact exacto
everyone todas
evacuate evacuar
eunhyo eunhyo
eugene eugene
ethel ethel
escort escolta
escaped escapou
epidemic epidemia
entry entrada
enjoy gostar
enjoy desfrutar
enjoy aproveita
enders enders
endeavour endeavour
emotional emocional
emergency urgências
elsewhere noutro
elegant elegante
election eleição
elbows cotovelos
elbow cotovelo
eiffel eiffel
egyptian egípcio
efforts esforços
dumped deixou
duane duane
driving condução
drive dirigir
drive conduzo
drinking bebendo
dough dinheiro
doubts dúvidas
double dobro
donor doador
donald donald
dolphins golfinhos
dolce dolce
documents documentos
documentary documentário
divine divina
distribution distribuição
discuss falamos
discovery descoberta
disappointed desapontado
director realizador
dillinger dillinger
dictionary dicionário
diamond diamantes
detonators detonadores
destroyed destruídos
desperation desespero
desperately desesperadamente
depressing deprimente
delay atraso
deadline prazo
deadlights luzes
darla darla
dangerous perigosas
dances dança
cyphre cyphre
curious curiosidade
crystal cristal
crucial crucial
cross passar
cristal cristal
crawford crawford
court corte
courageous corajoso
counting conto
cortez cortez
correct certo
corpse corpo
corporation corporação
coroner legista
cookie doçaria
cookie bolinho
congress congresso
confusion confusão
confused confusos
confess confessar
condom preservativo
conditions condições
conclusions conclusões
conclusion conclusão
concerned preocupada
complicated complicada
complete completar
compartment compartimento
companies empresas
commitment compromisso
comments comentários
coming voltar
comfort conforto
comedy comédia
colville colville
column coluna
coffin caixão
clubs clubes
closed fechou
climb subam
clear limpa
cleaned limpar
cigar charuto
churches igrejas
chunky chunky
christina christina
chose escolhi
choose escolho
chillie chillie
children miúdos
chick garota
chick chick
chemist químico
check confirmar
charge cobrar
change troca
changes alterações
chairs cadeiras
cells celas
celebration celebração
causes causas
caused provocou
caught apanhei
catholic católico
catch apanha
cartels cartéis
carry carregar
carpenter carpinteiro
candidate candidato
camera máquina
called telefonado
calculations cálculos
caladan caladan
caisleàn caisleán
cadillac cadillac
cabin cabine
buyer comprador
busted apanhado
business problema
businessman empresário
burrito burrito
burned queimado
bunny coelho
bumblebee abelha
buddhist budista
bronski bronski
broke parti
brody brody
broccoli broccoli
bring trazem
brief breve
brewster brewster
breathing respirando
breath fundo
brake brecar
brains cérebros
bought comprado
bothering incomodar
bother incomodar
bother incomoda
boromir boromir
boring chato
bored aborrecida
bollocks tomates
blouse blusa
blond loira
blocking bloquear
block bairro
blockade bloqueio
blessing bênção
bleed sangrar
biological biológico
billion biliões
better prefiro
bernard bernard
berkeley berkeley
belong pertencem
being serem
before diante
bedroom quartos
beaten espancado
beans feijão
basketball basquete
banky banky
balls colhões
balcony varanda
backwards contrário
backup ajuda
babies filhos
azrael azrael
awaits espera
average médio
authorized autorizado
author autor
asterix astérix
asshole parvo
asleep dormindo
asleep adormecido
asking pergunta
artifis amonbófis
arrogant arrogante
around lados
armed armado
armed armada
archer arqueiro
appreciate aprecio
appreciate agradecia
appeal recurso
apocalypse apocalipse
aphrodite afrodite
anyway mesmo
anybody alguem
anybody aiguém
antiques antiguidades
anonymous anónimo
announcement anúncio
angry furioso
angry furiosa
america america
ambitious ambicioso
ambassador embaixador
amazing espantosa
altar altar
along junto
along juntamente
aliens aiienígenas
alecto alecto
albini albini
alberto alberto
albanian albanesa
aisle corredor
airspace aéreo
ailigators crocodilos
agnis agnis
agenda agenda
agamemnon agamémnon
advertising publicidade
adversary adversário
admiration admiração
across atravessar
absolutely dúvida
about quase
about aconteceu
abilities habilidades
zimsky zymsky
yardley yardiey
yanks yankees
wyatt wyatt
wrote escreveste
writers escritores
write escrevas
write anotar
wrist pulso
would voltaria
would quero
would podias
would deveria
woods floresta
wonders maravilhas
wonderful maravilha
wonderful lindo
wonderful óptima
willie willy
wherever aonde
where estou
whereabouts paradeiro
whatever quiseres
whatever queira
wharvey wharvey
whales baleias
wellington wellington
weird estranhos
weather clima
weakness fraquezas
wavey wavey
waved acenar
watch turno
watch conta
warrant mandado
wants querer
wanted quiser
wanted procurado
wanna queira
walking caminhar
walked entrei
waldron waldron
waldrip waldrip
waiting esperado
waitin espera
waist cintura
votes votos
volcano vulcão
vogons vogons
vital vital
virat virat
violet violet
viktor viktor
vijay vijay
viilage aldeia
video filme
victoria victoria
victims vitimas
versus contra
vegetable vegetal
vanilla baunilha
valerie valerie
valentina valentina
usually costumo
usually costuma
urich urich
upset chateada
until quando
unpredictable imprevisível
united unidos
uniform farda
ungrateful ingrato
unexpected inesperado
underverse verso
understand entendemos
understand entenda
understandable compreensível
underground subterrâneo
under abaixo
unbearable insuportável
umbrella umbrella
twice vezes
twice dobro
turned transformou
tuliver oliver
trying tentei
trying tentam
trying querer
trusted confiado
truly verdade
truly realmente
truce tréguas
troubled metido
triple triplo
tring tentar
trick doces
tribute homenagem
trevor trevor
treat trato
treated tratada
travis travis
travel viagens
travel viagem
transportation transportes
trailer caravana
trade trocar
track encontrar
touch toquem
touch tocam
touching tocar
timon timon
thurman thurman
threats ameaças
threatened ameaçou
threaten ameaçar
thought pensaram
thorns vermelhos
thorne thorne
thornberry thornberry
third terço
thinks acham
thinking pensam
thinking pensa
therefore portanto
theories teorias
thanks agradecer
testimony depoimento
terrific fantástico
terms termos
tennis tênis
temptation tentação
telegram telegrama
teenagers adolescentes
technical técnico
tastes sabor
tappan tappan
talent talentos
taken tirada
taken levou
switch troca
swastikas suásticas
susie susie
surprising surpreendente
suppose suposto
supposed supostamente
supposed deves
support sustentar
supply abastecimento
sunrise nascer
sully sully
suggest sugerir
suffers sofre
suffered sofreu
suddenly subitamente
sucks presta
succeed sucesso
subject sujeito
stupid parvo
stupid estupido
stupid burra
stunner stunner
stronger fortes
stripes listas
strawberry morango
story artigo
stopped parar
still continuar
still continuamos
stick seguir
stickers autocolantes
steps escadas
steering volante
steele steeie
steal roubei
status estatuto
statement depoimento
starts começar
starting partir
starfleet estelar
standing parado
stand fique
staff pessoal
squad secção
spoons colheres
spooky assustador
spite apesar
sphinx esfinge
spending passar
speils feitiços
speed acelerar
speech palestra
spectacular espectacular
speciai especial
spear lança
speak falem
spartan espartana
spaceship espaçonave
space lugar
sorrow tristeza
sooner antes
somethin qualquer
someplace sítio
solitary solitária
solid sólida
solar solares
smoke cigarro
smarter esperto
sloth preguiça
slightly ligeiramente
slice fatia
slept dormiu
skull crânio
skirts saias
skipper capitão
skinny magro
sixth sexto
sings canta
single única
singing cantando
simplest simples
sidewalk passeio
showing mostrando
shout gritar
should tenho
should haveria
shore costa
shooting atirar
shooter atirador
ships barcos
shining brilhar
sheriff sheriff
shelters abrigos
shell shelly
sheila sheila
sheep ovelhas
sharrona sharrona
shankman shankman
shanghai shanghai
seventeen dezassete
serving servir
services assistência
server judicial
served servido
servants servos
serge serge
sentinels sentinelas
sending mandar
selling vendendo
seizure ataque
scuba mergulhar
scream grito
scotland scotland
scissors tesouras
science científica
schmuck idiota
scarecrow espantalho
saying ditado
savages selvagens
sausages salsichas
satisfied satisfeita
santini santini
sandwiches sandes
sands sands
samaritan samaritano
sailors marinheiros
saigon saigão
sadness tristeza
sacrifices sacrifícios
sacred sagradas
russo russo
russian russos
running fugindo
running dirigir
running correndo
rumors boatos
royalty realeza
routines rotinas
rosie rosie
roosevelt roosevelt
rommel rommel
romanian romeno
roger afirmativo
rockland rockland
robot robots
risks riscos
rings alianças
right certeza
right calma
ridge ridge
ricky ricky
rhino rinoceronte
return volte
retarded atrasada
restaurants restaurantes
responsible responsáveis
responsibility responsabilidades
resignation demissão
requires requer
requests pedidos
report queixa
repeat repete
remember lembram
religions religiões
release libertar
released libertado
reich reich
rehearse ensaiar
register registadora
regards cumprimentos
refused recusou
reform reforma
recovery recuperação
record gravar
recommendations recomendações
recognize reconheces
recognition reconhecimento
recital recital
recall lembro
really palavra
really facto
realized descobri
reading lendo
raven raven
raven corvo
rather preferes
rather antes
rangers rangers
raise levantem
raise levante
quote citar
quite grande
quinn quinn
quincy quincy
quillwork quillwork
queens rainhas
purse carteira
puppet fantoche
pumbaa pumba
puerto porto
psycho tarado
psychological psicológica
psychiatric psiquiátrico
proved provou
protest protesto
propose propor
prophets profetas
propaganda propaganda
promoted promovido
promising promissor
programming programação
programmed programado
profits lucros
professional profissionais
proceed prossiga
prior antes
prints fotos
principle princípio
principal directora
prince principe
prices preços
pretend finge
press carrega
presidente presidente
preserve preservar
preliminary preliminary
practice treino
practice prática
posts postos
postcard postal
possible impossível
politically politicamente
poker poker
poker póquer
poisoned envenenado
point interessa
point apontar
pneumonia pneumonia
playing tocando
playing brincando
playboy playboy
platform plataforma
plantation plantação
planetship regente
placement poderes
pizzas pizzas
piter piter
pills pílulas
pieces bocados
piece merdoso
picture retrato
picked escolhido
picasso picasso
photographers fotógrafos
philippe philippe
personnel pessoal
persistent persistente
perkus perkus
perhaps calhar
perfection perfeição
percent cento
pepsi pepsi
peewee peewee
patriotism patriotismo
patcher parcher
passed passaram
passed faleceu
party festas
partners parceiros
partenza partenza
parasites parasitas
paranoia paranóia
pancake pancake
painting pintar
package embrulho
outer exterior
ourselves mesmos
ought devia
orion orion
organized organizado
organized organizada
ordinary vulgar
orange orange
opposition oposição
opener latas
opened abriram
offices escritórios
office escritórios
occasions ocasiões
obstacle obstáculo
obsessed obcecado
objective objectivo
nurses enfermeiras
novel novela
notice notar
noticed reparaste
noticed reparado
norman normanda
normai normal
nonsense disparates
noise ruído
noble nobres
nimier nimier
nightfall anoitecer
nether nether
needles seringas
needed precisavam
nauseous náuseas
narcotics narcóticos
nairobi nairobi
mummy múmia
mullet mullet
moving andando
movements movimentos
moved mudado
motion moção
mother mamãe
motel hotel
mortimer mortimer
mortals mortais
morse morse
morning manha
morgue morgue
moonshine bebidas
mooby mooby
monkey macaquinho
mollusk molusco
module módulo
mistress amante
missing desaparecidos
minivan minivan
mining mineração
minimal mínimo
mines minas
migraine enxaqueca
midterm teste
merry merry
mercs mercs
mentioned falou
memphis memphis
melville melville
melon melão
media meteorito
medallion medalha
mechanism mecanismo
measures medidas
meadowlark meadowlark
mcpherson mcpherson
mcgill mcgill
match fósforo
masturbation masturbação
master menino
maskala maskala
marvelous maravilhoso
marsh marsh
marine fuzileiro
march março
manolo manolo
manchester manchester
mammoths mamutes
malococsis dornocóccis
making tornar
making inventar
mailbox correio
magenta magenta
madrid madrid
madonna madonna
madison madison
lyrics letra
loving adorar
lovely linda
lovell lovell
loved adoravam
lorraine lorraine
lords senhores
lopresti lopresti
lopez lopez
looks parecem
looking procurava
locked preso
locate localizar
loading carregar
livin viver
liverpool liverpool
little pequenote
lithium lítio
listen ouças
listened ouvidos
liked gostavas
liked gostado
lewis lewis
leuban leuben
lessons lições
lesbians lésbicas
lentils lentilhas
legions legiões
legends lendas
legendary lendária
leaving partir
leave saíres
leave deixares
leave deixarem
leave deixarei
leave deixamos
learned aprendido
learned aprendemos
learn aprendes
launch lançar
laughing rindo
latin latino
latin latina
larger maior
lagoon lagoa
laboratory laboratório
kujan kujan
krueger kruger
knutzhorn knutzhorn
known soube
known conhecida
knowing conhecer
knife navalha
kissing beijos
kissing beijar
kinds tipos
kindness bondade
killings mortes
kiiled mortos
kiiled matou
kidding sério
keeps mantém
kavula kavula
justin justin
justify justificar
jupiter júpiter
jumps salta
jouvet jouvet
jonson jonson
jokes anedotas
joint charro
johnnie johnnie
joadson joadson
jiwon jiwon
jingle tocam
jimbo jimbo
jewish judeus
jeans jeans
jasper jasper
jacket jaqueta
istanbul istambul
islands ilhas
iooking olhar
invited convidei
invite convidaste
invisible invísivel
investigate investigar
interval intervalo
interrogation interrogatório
interfere interferir
insurance seguradora
insists insiste
insist insisto
insisted insistiu
insane loucos
injuries ferimentos
injured ferido
initiative iniciativa
initial inicial
infantry lnfantaria
india índia
indeed verdade
indeed facto
incompetence incompetência
including inclusive
improve melhorar
immortality imortalidade
ignition ignição
identities identidades
ideals ideais
ideal ideal
hungry esfomeados
hundred duzentos
hundred centenas
house house
hospitals hospitais
hospitality hospitalidade
horner horner
honored honrado
honey carinho
homie vizinho
holding aguentar
history historia
higgins higgins
hiding escondendo
hidden escondida
herault herauit
helmets capacetes
hellboy hellboy
helicopters helicópteros
height altura
heels saltos
hearts coração
heads atenção
harold harold
harmless inofensiva
happily feliz
happen aconteceria
hanratty hanratty
hannenfeld hennenfeld
hangover ressaca
hanging andar
hanged enforcado
handwriting letra
handwriting caligrafia
gupta gupta
guilty culpados
guiche guiche
guess acredito
guarantee garantia
grounded castigo
grits aveia
grethe grethe
gregory gregory
greek grega
great perfeito
great linda
great fantásticos
grayson grayson
grave túmulo
grateful agradecida
gotta precisamos
gotta devem
gorgeous lindo
gorgeous giraço
gorgeous bonita
goose ganso
goodbye despedir
goodbye despedida
going andar
going aconteceu
goddamn diabos
glorious gloriosa
girlfriend amiga
ginuwine ginuwine
giggles giggles
getting comprar
gesserit gesserit
german alemães
genuine genuíno
geniuses génios
generous generosa
generator gerador
gattaca gattaca
gardener jardineiro
garage oficina
gambrelli gambrelli
gambler jogador
gallery galeria
funeral enterro
functions funções
function função
fucked fodidos
frustration frustração
frustrating frustrante
frightening assustador
fries batatas
freud freud
frenchman francês
fourteen catorze
fountain fonte
fortune sorte
formal festa
forgot esqueceste
forget esqueçe
forget esqueçamos
foreplay preliminares
forced forçados
forbidden proibida
fools idiotas
following seguintes
followed seguido
followed segui
floats flutua
flies moscas
fixed arranjado
first começar
finish termina
finished terminado
finished acabar
fingernails unhas
finds encontra
finding achar
financial financeiros
finally enfim
filter filtro
figure saber
figure pensei
fighting lutas
fiber fibra
fetch buscar
female mulher
felon criminoso
fellas companheiros
farewell despedida
famous famosos
family famíiia
failure falha
faggot maricas
facts fatos
facility instalações
eyelids pálpebras
explorers exploradores
exploded explodiu
experiments experiências
expect esperas
exits saídas
exist existo
executed executados
excited entusiasmado
excellent excelentes
every sempre
events acontecimentos
evans evans
european europeu
estate imóveis
erection erecção
erase apagar
equally igualmente
equality igualdade
entertainment entretenimento
enterprises empresas
enough demais
english ingleses
english inglesa
engaged noivo
endings finais
emotionally emocionalmente
emotional emocionais
embarrassment vergonha
embarrassed envergonhada
elvira elvira
elena elena
electromagnetic electromagnético
effective eficaz
edgar edgar
economics economia
dying mortinho
dumars dumars
drops gotas
drives conduz
drive dirija
drive conduzes
drive arranca
drink tomar
drinks copos
drink bebem
dreamed sonhado
drawing desenho
doughnut donut
donowitz donowitz
donor dador
donny donny
dolls bonecas
doing fazia
doing fafendo
dodgers dodgers
dizzy tonto
diseases doenças
disappears desaparece
dirty sujos
dirty safada
direct directa
diplomacy diplomacia
dinah dinah
difficult difíceis
diary diário
diaphragm diafragma
detonator detonador
determine determinar
determined determinado
detector detector
detail detalhe
desolation desolação
descendant descendente
descanso descanso
depended dependesse
department bombeiros
demolition demolição
delicate delicado
delicate delicada
decree decreto
deciding decidir
decide decida
december dezembro
deacon diácono
daywalker diurno
darkness trevas
danzig danzig
czechoslovakia checoslováquia
cypher cypher
current corrente
current actual
cured curada
cuban cubanos
crucified crucificado
crowded cheio
crippled aleijado
criminal criminal
creativity criatividade
creating criar
created criei
crazy malucas
crater cratera
crash queda
crane crane
courtyard pátio
courtney courtney
courtesy cortesia
count contes
counselor conselheira
counselor advogado
could possam
could conseguisse
cosmic cósmica
correct corrigir
corny infantil
corners cantos
cooperation cooperação
cookies bolachas
convicted condenado
convertible descapotável
conversation conversas
contracts contratos
contractions contracções
continues continua
continue continuem
context contexto
contain conter
constituency eleitorado
consider considere
conscious consciente
confirmed confirmada
confirm confirme
coney coney
concentration concentração
coming virem
comes entra
comedian comediante
color cores
colonies colónias
colombians colombianos
cologne colónia
college colégio
closed fechei
close aproximar
clients constituintes
clear limpar
clear clara
clean limpas
classics clássicos
clams moluscos
civilized civilizada
citadel cidadela
cinema cinema
chryse chryse
christians cristãos
christian cristã
chosen escolhidos
chooses escolhe
choose escolha
cholesterol colesterol
choice decisão
chocolates chocolates
chitlins chitlins
chili chili
chicon chicon
cheer animar
check verifiquem
check checar
cheating infidelidade
cheated batota
chaucer chaucer
chasing atrás
chase atrás
charlene charlene
charge encarregue
character carácter
change mudares
chance tempo
chance possibilidade
challenge desafiar
chairman presidente
chain alimentar
center creche
cello violoncelo
celebrities celebridades
caught apanhou
catch pegar
catch apanhe
cartoons animados
cardinal cardeal
called ligado
called chamei
calinas calinas
calculate calcular
butler mordomo
business contigo
buried enterrados
bunty bunty
built construíram
builshit tretas
bucko macho
bubble pastilha
bubble bolha
brush escova
broke acabámos
britney britney
british britânico
bring falar
breathing respira
breathe respire
breasts mamas
brandon brandon
brand marca
bracelet pulseira
boxer boxer
bought comprar
bosses chefes
borrow emprestar
bored aborrecido
borders margens
bootstrap buster
boogers macacos
boobs mamas
bombing bombardeamento
boiro boiro
board bordo
bless abençoado
blame censuro
blaine blaine
bladder bexiga
black pretas
blackburn blackburn
blackburn biackburn
billion bilhões
biggs biggs
biggest maiores
bergerac bergerac
bench banco
belonged pertencia
believing acreditar
believed acreditavam
believe acredites
behaviour comportamento
begging implorar
beautiful maravilhoso
beautiful lindíssima
beautiful bonitos
beautiful belas
beautifui linda
beating bater
batteries pilhas
bastards sacanas
bashira bashira
barely quase
baptist baptista
bandit bandit
bakersfield bakersfield
bails tomates
bailey bailey
bahamas bahamas
aware consciente
australian australiano
attracted atraídos
attempt tentativa
attacking atacar
assume assumir
assistance ajuda
assholes idiotas
asshole cabrão
assault assalto
asleep adormeceu
asked pediram
asked pedido
ashamed envergonhado
artorius artorius
artificial artificial
arrested prendeu
arrango arrango
around vista
arctic ártico
arctic arctic
archers arqueiros
april abril
appreciate aprecia
appearance aparência
apologize desculpe
anymore continuar
anxiety ansiedade
answer atender
annie annie
angry chateado
angellotti angellotti
ambush emboscada
allergic alérgica
allegations alegações
albuquerque albuquerque
albums álbuns
alarm despertador
aidid aidid
ahead continua
ahead adiante
agreed concordei
agreed acordo
agony agonia
after conta
african africano
afford dinheiro
affect afectar
advisor conselheiro
advil advil
adventures aventuras
admirable admirável
active activo
accused acusado
accountants contabilistas
accept aceitamos
abraham abraham
abraham abraão
about aquilo
abbott abbott
abagnale abagnale
