please bitte
nothing nichts
thank danke
father vater
night nacht
maybe vielleicht
always immer
something etwas
mother mutter
thanks danke
everything alles
people leute
think glaube
thought dachte
really wirklich
enough genug
better besser
years jahre
hello hallo
friend freund
charlie charlie
before bevor
water wasser
again wieder
happened passiert
tomorrow morgen
could könnte
children kinder
today heute
would würde
family familie
wanted wollte
right recht
things dinge
years jahren
morning morgen
houston houston
course natürlich
someone jemand
minutes minuten
these diese
brother bruder
women frauen
paris paris
tyler tyler
hours stunden
frank frank
tonight heute
right ordnung
moses moses
truth wahrheit
together zusammen
police polizei
against gegen
other anderen
friends freunde
sleep schlafen
scared angst
parents eltern
alone allein
peggy peggy
george george
daughter tochter
where wohin
should sollte
problem problem
believe glauben
sometimes manchmal
people menschen
sheriff sheriff
school schule
sammy sammy
richard richard
later später
heard gehört
first ersten
understand verstehe
peter peter
afraid angst
through durch
thomas thomas
understand verstehen
think denke
horse pferd
other andere
lewis lewis
emperor kaiser
under unter
should sollten
queen königin
helen helena
cherry cherry
welcome willkommen
evening abend
never niemals
first erste
every jeden
sister schwester
looks sieht
already schon
happy glücklich
deunan deunan
somebody jemand
maximus maximus
first zuerst
anything nichts
story geschichte
killed getötet
coffee kaffee
right richtig
dream traum
whole ganze
ready bereit
question frage
perhaps vielleicht
maghan maghan
light licht
frodo frodo
seven sieben
found gefunden
could könnten
bigweld bigweld
thank vielen
nobody niemand
music musik
general general
crazy verrückt
night abend
important wichtig
between zwischen
would würdest
would würden
uncle onkel
future zukunft
batman batman
angel engel
those diese
sarah sarah
rodney rodney
renoir renoir
remember erinnerst
power macht
hands hände
anything etwas
weeks wochen
understand verstehst
seconds sekunden
right stimmt
marla marla
jimmy jimmy
gentlemen herren
captain captain
speak sprechen
right genau
remember erinnern
reason grund
others anderen
little kleine
kendall kendall
answer antwort
walter walter
santa santa
married verheiratet
ladies damen
harvey harvey
gotta müssen
foley foley
drink trinken
computer computer
chance chance
believe glaube
talking reden
peace frieden
needs braucht
kiyoko kiyoko
excuse entschuldigen
exactly genau
devlin devlin
daddy daddy
careful vorsichtig
annie anitschka
victor victor
think denkst
teddy teddy
ralph ralph
questions fragen
phone telefon
jesus jesus
freedom freiheit
forget vergessen
fight kämpfen
fault schuld
enough reicht
egypt ägypten
caesar cäsar
whatever immer
wayne wayne
think denken
remember erinnere
mueller mueller
month monat
martin martin
harriet harriet
yesterday gestern
radio radio
professor professor
mission mission
loves liebt
goodbye wiedersehen
dunbar dunbar
carpenter carpenter
alicia alicia
worry sorge
think glauben
someone jemanden
perón perón
mamadi mamadi
little wenig
kitchen küche
helen helen
every jedes
benigno benigno
already bereits
voice stimme
think finde
silence schweigen
party party
listen hören
lenny lenny
lennie lennie
devil teufel
yourself selbst
waiting warten
trust vertrauen
things sachen
thing sache
sergeant sergeant
ready fertig
months monate
little kleinen
girls mädchen
different anders
beautiful schön
anyone jemand
strong stark
rumson rumson
robert robert
power kraft
number nummer
minute moment
marry heiraten
married heiraten
lives leben
leave lassen
gandalf gandalf
explain erklären
edward edward
could konnte
christmas weihnachten
breakfast frühstück
bobby bobby
bioroids bioroids
aquarius aquarius
zachary zachary
would hätte
virge virge
trouble ärger
tommy tommy
river fluss
months monaten
leonard leonard
hotel hotel
horses pferde
honey schatz
drugs drogen
dangerous gefährlich
condition zustand
coming kommt
change ändern
because wegen
anything alles
where woher
sword schwert
story story
sorry entschuldigung
should solltest
seems scheint
quick schnell
probably wahrscheinlich
partner partner
paddle paddel
moment moment
minute minute
menelaus menelaos
means bedeutet
kerfa kerfa
hospital krankenhaus
detective detective
could könntest
coming komme
accident unfall
worry sorgen
window fenster
table tisch
strength kraft
proud stolz
person person
palace palast
natalie natalie
myself selbst
miyuki miyuki
majesty hoheit
lydia lydia
little kleiner
kraler kraler
island insel
heaven himmel
heard hörte
grace gnaden
freddo freddo
dussel dussel
control kontrolle
coming kommen
comes kommt
bring bring
wrong falsch
wakhane wakhané
smith smith
sleep schlaf
serious ernst
saved gerettet
saturnin saturnin
rafael rafael
project projekt
problems probleme
possible möglich
pharaoh pharao
million millionen
killed umgebracht
hurry schnell
hungry hunger
forgot vergessen
forget vergiss
drunk betrunken
desert wüste
clark clark
camera kamera
bruce bruce
bring bringen
books bücher
behind hinter
apollo apollo
words worte
wanted wolltest
wanted wollten
talking redest
stars sterne
second sekunde
robot roboter
quiet still
perfect perfekt
pardner partner
odyssey odyssee
mistake fehler
misery plackerei
might könnte
michael michael
memories erinnerungen
happens passiert
ground boden
faster schneller
excuse entschuldigung
dunlap dunlap
connor connor
church kirche
children kindern
billy billy
alone alleine
aaron aaron
young junge
worse schlimmer
while weile
suddenly plötzlich
sounds klingt
soldiers soldaten
situation situation
second zweite
rodeo rodeo
rather lieber
philip philipp
niles niles
margot margot
machine maschine
leave verlassen
least wenigstens
james james
information informationen
hector hektor
group gruppe
doctor doktor
dinner essen
danger gefahr
dance tanzen
commodus commodus
believe glaub
beautiful wunderschön
asshole arschloch
anybody jemand
angeles angeles
american amerikaner
achilles achilleus
winter winter
whisky whisky
weapon waffe
torrance torrance
think glaubst
temple tempel
storm sturm
stone stein
something irgendwas
shoes schuhe
shall werde
secretary sekretärin
sayid sayid
roger verstanden
right schön
promise versprechen
pharaoh pharaos
people leuten
outside draußen
normal normal
never nicht
lucky glück
letter brief
leave gehen
learn lernen
katrin katrin
heroes helden
happen passiert
happen passieren
guess glaube
grace grace
government regierung
finally endlich
ellen ellen
could können
boyfriend freund
baggins beutlin
anything irgendwas
alive leben
wrong stimmt
wrong fehlt
would sollte
wonder frage
whole ganzen
while solange
which welche
vilmer vilmer
tried versucht
tongue zunge
there drüben
surprised überrascht
somebody jemanden
soldier soldat
shadow schatten
sauron sauron
right gleich
repeat wiederhole
rabbits kaninchen
prove beweisen
prince prinz
president präsident
planet planeten
parts teile
norman norman
nervous nervös
mordor mordor
mileta mileta
mayhem chaos
lovell lovell
loved liebte
little bisschen
interesting interessant
human menschliche
heart herzen
happened passierte
forever immer
follow folgen
dreams träume
destroyed zerstört
darkness dunkelheit
cromwell cromwell
could hätte
changed verändert
bridge bridge
beginning anfang
athena athena
alice alice
afternoon nachmittag
worry angst
willie willie
while während
wanna willst
vehicle fahrzeug
toros toros
throne thron
thank danken
swear schwöre
suitcase koffer
society gesellschaft
should hätte
raymond raymond
protect beschützen
pressure druck
power energie
officers beamte
miracle wunder
margaret margaret
marco marco
majesty majestät
looking suchen
joshua josua
happy zufrieden
funny komisch
friend freundin
forgotten vergessen
finished fertig
explosion explosion
excuse verzeihung
everywhere überall
europe europa
especially besonders
england england
enemy feind
dress kleid
destiny schicksal
curtains vorhänge
curley curley
birthday geburtstag
battle schlacht
ambulance krankenwagen
young junger
write schreiben
working arbeiten
thought gedacht
think glaub
teeth zähne
taggart taggart
summer sommer
stand stehen
spirit geist
spaniard spanier
sorry entschuldige
simple einfach
shire auenland
sherman sherman
senator senator
sawyer sawyer
sandwiches sandwiches
rosewood rosewood
relationship beziehung
ranch ranch
protect schützen
prison gefängnis
princess prinzessin
pretty ziemlich
nobody keiner
morris morris
middle mitten
mexico mexiko
mcgregor mcgregor
marquis marquis
maitland maitland
mackenzie mackenzie
loved geliebt
honour ehren
hands händen
guests gäste
gotta musst
gonna wirst
going gehen
goddamn verdammt
girlfriend freundin
garden garten
fucking verdammt
frankie frankie
fender fender
except außer
durden durden
doors türen
decision entscheidung
clothes kleider
clean sauber
chris chris
chief chief
brittney brittney
briareos briareos
blevins blevins
bedroom schlafzimmer
beauty schönheit
asked gefragt
aragami aragami
answer antworte
wrong falschen
write schreib
wanna wollen
trying versucht
trojans trojaner
think nachdenken
think meinst
survive überleben
surface oberfläche
sugar zucker
sparta sparta
spacecraft raumschiff
slave sklavin
shower dusche
servant diener
sergei sergej
senate senat
remember weißt
reese reese
ratchet ratchet
promise verspreche
priests priester
president präsidenten
paper papier
nicaragua nicaragua
named namens
might vielleicht
messiah messias
mention erwähnt
married geheiratet
lucius lucius
lsrael lsrael
looking suche
longer länger
lights licht
knows weiss
justice gerechtigkeit
jerusalem jerusalem
honest ehrlich
highness hoheit
haise haise
great große
great großartig
follow folgt
feeling gefühl
drive fahren
dollars dollar
closing sinkend
closer näher
buddy kumpel
benson benson
banning banning
apartment wohnung
anyway sowieso
another anderes
announcer ansager
animals tiere
actress schauspielerin
whose wessen
weekend wochenende
wedding hochzeit
waiting wartet
vision vision
understand verstanden
trying versuche
talley talley
stairs treppe
slowly langsam
slaves sklaven
secretary staatssekretär
second zweiten
saying sagen
responsible verantwortlich
report bericht
quickly schnell
pride stolz
position position
penny penny
oxygen sauerstoff
opinion meinung
operation operation
notes notizen
night nachts
master master
masses masse
little kleines
kruhulik kruhulik
knife messer
klaatu klaatu
kings könige
judas judas
jessie jessie
jacket jacke
idiot idiot
holloway holloway
hitomi hitomi
guess schätze
great großer
friends freunden
found fanden
first erstes
fired gefeuert
either entweder
egypt ägyptens
dennis dennis
danny danny
copperbottom copperbottom
congratulations glückwunsch
chase chase
called angerufen
brothers brüder
break pause
bombs bomben
bilbo bilbo
apple apple
apologize entschuldigen
alarm alarm
aladar aladar
after nachdem
action handlung
yours gehört
would möchtest
worst schlimmste
worried sorgen
wives frauen
weather wetter
weapons waffen
washington washington
warden direktor
vlrge virge
upgrades upgrades
trojan trojaner
tragedy tragödie
thirteen dreizehn
talked geredet
start anfangen
sphere sphäre
spaceship raumschiff
shoot schießen
shalt sollst
sanne sanne
sacrifice opfer
russel russel
romans römer
right rechts
ridiculous lächerlich
rameses ramses
price price
priam priamos
pregnant schwanger
plane flugzeug
osborne osborne
nights nächte
nazareth nazareth
names namen
mouschi mouschi
moment augenblick
mindlock hirnsperre
miles meilen
mcbain mcbain
marcus marcus
lucifer luzifer
lights lichter
lawyer anwalt
kelcher kelcher
jankis jankis
ideas ideen
happened geschah
greeks griechen
greatest größte
grace eminenz
gracchus gracchus
going gehst
francisco francisco
flowers blumen
dying sterben
drink drink
dobromil dobromil
diary tagebuch
delores delores
decide entscheiden
darling liebling
could kannst
command hauptmodul
closed geschlossen
christine christine
cherie cherie
chapter kapitel
buried begraben
bullet kugel
bucks dollar
brought gebracht
bring bringt
bravo bravo
brain gehirn
black schwarze
black schwarz
believe glaubst
beach strand
barnhardt barnhardt
armstrong armstrong
among unter
agent agent
again einmal
about davon
about darüber
wrote geschrieben
works funktioniert
wonder wunder
wonderful wundervoll
wolsey wolsey
voices stimmen
trust vertrau
trouble probleme
trick trick
tower tower
tonight abend
thinks glaubt
think denkt
theory theorie
swigert swigert
surprise überraschung
strider strider
street straße
spaceman weltraummann
sorry verzeihung
solution lösung
solitaire soiitaire
smoke rauchen
shoot erschieß
serve dienen
secret geheimnis
sachiko sachiko
running läuft
rules spielregel
robbie robbie
revolution revolution
revenge rache
respect respekt
python python
promised versprochen
precious schatz
plumber klempner
piece stück
people volkes
penang penang
paulson paulsen
panama panama
north norden
necklace anhänger
monster monster
mirror spiegel
miracles wunder
message nachricht
merrill merrill
memory gedächtnis
means heißt
master meister
makes macht
magic magic
lordship lordschaft
legend legende
least zumindest
laughter gelächter
koumbi koumbi
knows kennt
keletigui kélétigui
julian julian
isildur isildur
impossible unmöglich
husband ehemann
guilty schuldig
grandfather großvater
gonna werden
goddess göttin
gladiator gladiator
ghosts geister
funny witzig
funeral beerdigung
fucking verdammte
first erster
fighting kämpfen
facts fakten
excellent ausgezeichnet
embarrassing peinlich
elves elben
elizabeth elizabeth
ducats dukaten
doubt zweifel
doing machst
djole djole
divorce scheidung
dinner abendessen
different anderes
difference unterschied
detroit detroit
dancing tanzen
crime verbrechen
contract vertrag
claire claire
cigarette zigarette
chickens hühner
changed geändert
chancellor kanzler
chair stuhl
castro castro
cassandra kassandra
broken gebrochen
brian brian
brady brady
blessed gesegnet
betrayed verraten
belgrade belgrad
batteries batterien
basement keller
astronauts astronauten
arrest verhaftet
apollonia apollonia
angry wütend
alive lebendig
afraid leider
actually eigentlich
yatabere yatabéré
wrong unrecht
wrong falsche
would wirklich
would willst
wonder wonder
warehouse lagerhaus
wales wales
universe universums
units einheiten
trust vertraue
trouble schwierigkeiten
trash abfall
third dritten
their ihren
texas texas
terrible schrecklich
tabor tabor
stuff sachen
speak sprich
someone jemandem
small klein
slept geschlafen
singer singer
signal signal
shows zeigt
should hättest
shield hitzeschild
seriously ernst
samurai samurai
sacrifice opfern
sacred heilig
robot robot
rivendell bruchtal
right richtige
riddle rätsel
rawlins rawlins
proof beweis
prince fürst
present geschenk
politics politik
pilot pilot
patient geduld
octave octave
nunez nunez
norfolk norfolk
nicholas nicholas
morrison morrison
morgan morgan
montrose montrose
montana montana
mattingly mattingly
lunch essen
living lebenden
laugh lachen
largeman largeman
kingdom königreich
kateøina kathe
jellyfish quallen
intruder eindringling
inside hinein
hungry hungrig
honey schätzchen
hobbits hobbits
hates hasst
hated gehasst
harry harry
harley harley
hardy hardy
happen geschehen
great super
grateful dankbar
gondor gondor
geoff geoff
genius genie
galilee galiläa
funny lustig
forgive vergeben
flesh fleisch
families familien
faces gesichter
experience erfahrung
example beispiel
everything allem
every jeder
every jedem
emergency notfall
eastern eastern
driver fahrer
disappeared verschwunden
destroy zerstören
deserves verdient
dathan dathan
cross kreuz
cowboy cowboy
count zählen
could konntest
coming kommst
college college
coincidence zufall
close knapp
chest brust
change ändert
cards karten
cannons cannons
bridge brücke
blind blind
blanket decke
bitch miststück
bigger größer
besides außerdem
babies babys
aurelius aurel
attention achtung
argentina argentinien
annele annele
andrew andrew
america amerika
alcatraz aicatraz
afraid fürchte
aeneas aeneas
about wegen
written geschrieben
write aufschreiben
works arbeitet
waters wasser
walls mauern
wallace wallace
virus virus
unbelievable unglaublich
tuxedo smoking
tuttle tuttle
tuesday dienstag
trying versuchen
traitor verräter
thousands tausende
thought dachten
thinking gedacht
think hältst
therapy therapie
teacher lehrer
tatula tatula
tartarus tarutarus
talking redet
tacho tacho
surprises überraschungen
suppose angenommen
suicide selbstmord
street street
straw stroh
strange seltsam
strange merkwürdig
store laden
steal stehlen
station bahnhof
state staat
stage bühne
sonora sonora
somewhere irgendwo
smoking rauchen
sleeping schläft
slave sklave
shelter luftschutzkeller
share teilen
shame schande
russians russen
rules regeln
rifle gewehr
ricky ricky
restaurant restaurant
responsibility verantwortung
republic republik
reentry wiedereintritt
rachmaninoff rachmaninoff
rabbit kaninchen
quarrel streit
psychiatrist psychiater
proximo proximo
priest priester
price preis
point punkt
place wohnung
pictures fotos
pictures bilder
piano klavier
phase phase
personally persönlich
percent prozent
pelagos pelagos
patroclus patroklos
pants hosen
others andere
orleans orleans
nygma nygma
nesting nistplatz
nefretiri nefretiri
nations nationen
nancy nancy
motel motel
mcbride mcbride
maybe vieiieicht
marilyn marilyn
magdalene magdalena
lying lügst
lunar landemodul
losing verlieren
lords mylords
looking sucht
london london
little etwas
listen zuhören
leaving gehen
leader anführer
kitano kitano
kaufmans kaufmans
jurieu jurieu
jungle dschungel
johnny johnny
japanese japaner
intruders eindringlinge
instead statt
insane verrückt
hundreds hunderte
humans menschen
himself selbst
higher höher
helena helena
heilo haiio
heavy schwer
hearts herzen
haynes haynes
habitat habitat
gunfire schüsse
guido quido
grenade granate
green grüne
gilliam gillian
germany deutschland
gentlemen gentlemen
generation generation
garage garage
games spiele
front front
forgive vergib
forget vergesse
follow folge
fitzsimmons fitzsimmons
fingers finger
fever fieber
faith glauben
expensive teuer
expect erwarten
everybody jeder
english englisch
duncan duncan
drowned ertrunken
dream geträumt
difficult schwer
destroyed vernichtet
desmond desmond
crying geweint
crazy wahnsinnig
could konnten
colonel colonel
chaos chaos
candles kerzen
called namens
butts butts
bullshit blödsinn
building gebäude
brings bringt
breathing atmen
breathe atmen
breast brust
blaine delblaine
bible bibel
before vorher
beautiful schöne
baseball baseball
barnes barnes
baptist täufer
bangkok bangkok
authority autorität
attention aufmerksamkeit
atmosphere atmosphäre
appointment termin
anyone niemanden
answers antworten
alive lebend
agamemnon agamemnon
again wiedersehen
accept akzeptieren
write schreibe
wound wunde
worried angst
wilderness wüste
white weiße
which welcher
wednesday mittwoch
watch vorsicht
watch sehen
wallet brieftasche
waiting warte
violence gewalt
victims opfer
vesna vesna
vacuum staubsauger
understood verstanden
understand versteh
ulysses odysseus
tunnel tunnel
truck truck
troops truppen
touch anfassen
toast toast
thousand tausend
thinking denken
think glaubt
these diesen
there drinnen
theatre theater
thanks vielen
terminator terminator
television fernsehen
tears tränen
tastes schmeckt
talking sprechen
talking spreche
sunday sonntag
stupid blöden
strider wasserläufer
strength stärke
steps schritte
states staaten
square square
special besonderes
speak spreche
spain spanien
somehow irgendwie
snake schlange
smile lächeln
shoulders schultern
shoot erschießen
sheep schafe
shannon shannon
serbia serbien
second moment
screenplay drehbuch
scream schrei
scratch kratzen
saved rettete
saruman saruman
salute grüsse
sacrificed geopfert
roper roper
roger bestätigt
right direkt
return zurückkehren
resurection auferstehung
reminds erinnert
reaps erntet
ranger ranger
rabbi rabbi
quintus quintus
quiet ruhig
promise versprochen
prison knast
power strom
planned geplant
planets planeten
place platz
pitch neigung
phoenix phoenix
peter petrus
penury mühsal
olympus olympus
norvik norvik
normal normale
ngers finger
never schon
nation nation
mushrooms pilze
moving weiter
moria moria
missed verpasst
minute augenblick
mines minen
mills mills
midnight mitternacht
midget zwerg
memory erinnerung
member mitglied
matagalpa matagalpa
marry heirate
marceau marceau
magic zauber
lunch mittag
lover liebhaber
loser loser
loose schießen
locked eingesperrt
living wohnzimmer
living leben
lived gelebt
little klein
listening hörst
listen hörst
letters briefe
leave zurücklassen
laura laura
launch start
landing landung
lacey lacey
killed tötete
kiilearn kiiiearn
kidding witze
kananga kananga
jerry jerry
jealous eifersüchtig
japan japan
janet janet
inventor erfinder
interested interessiert
incredible unglaublich
important wichtiges
important wichtiger
hurry beeil
hurricane hurricane
horses pferden
hoped gehofft
honestly ehrlich
hobbit hobbit
henry henry
helium helium
havers havers
happened geschehen
haggis haggis
guess denke
great tolle
great klasse
gotham gotham
girlfriend mädchen
gammell gammell
gaius gaius
friendship freundschaft
friends freundinnen
freak freak
forward vorwärts
forgive verzeihen
fools narren
followed gefolgt
folks leute
flying fliegen
floor boden
fletcher fletcher
flame flamme
fiancée verlobte
expressway schnellstraße
expecting erwartet
expect erwartet
except ausser
evita evita
everyone allen
eternity ewigkeit
entire ganze
enough genügend
enemies feinde
emperor kaisers
dynamite dynamit
dwarf zwerg
dusan dusan
dragon drachen
divorced geschieden
disappear verschwinden
director direktor
different andere
destroy vernichten
decker decker
crying weint
crying weinen
coward feigling
cover deckung
cousin vetter
couch couch
contact kontakt
confession geständnis
conditioning klimaanlage
christ himmel
chloe chloe
charley chariey
certain gewisse
cells zellen
carry tragen
called genannt
button knopf
business geschäft
buddha buddha
bride braut
boots stiefel
block biock
blankets decken
blaine blaine
black schwarzes
bitch dreckskerl
beverly beverly
better lieber
believed glaubte
believed geglaubt
beauregard beauregard
baptized getauft
balla balla
athena athene
asking fragen
arrested verhaftet
around herum
armies armeen
armies armeechef
aphrodite aphrodite
anyone niemandem
angels engel
ancestors vorfahren
americans amerikaner
american amerikanische
almost beinahe
agnes agnes
again nochmal
after danach
africa afrika
address adresse
abraham abraham
about ungefähr
abandon verlassen
