where gdzie
never nigdy
sorry przepraszam
please proszę
really naprawdę
think myślę
thank dziękuję
always zawsze
thanks dzięki
think myślisz
everything wszystko
shine shine
because ponieważ
right porządku
doing robisz
better lepiej
people ludzie
right dobrze
money pieniądze
course oczywiście
together razem
excuse przepraszam
happened stało
thought myślałem
right rację
gentlemen panowie
right dobra
tomorrow jutro
people ludzi
minutes minut
still nadal
problem problem
before zanim
understand rozumiem
right prawda
later później
things rzeczy
kelly kelly
frank frank
place miejsce
wanna chcesz
father ojciec
looks wygląda
terry terry
sorry przykro
kimberly kimberly
children dzieci
thank dzięki
everybody wszyscy
world świecie
thing rzecz
should powinieneś
mother matka
today dzisiaj
first pierwszy
dobel dobel
should powinienem
exactly dokładnie
believe uwierzyć
should powinniśmy
number numer
honey kochanie
listen posłuchaj
jerry jerry
listen słuchaj
fuckin fuckin
women kobiety
thank dziękuje
sometimes czasami
sergeant sierżancie
school szkole
ready gotowy
money pieniędzy
girls dziewczyny
child dziecko
remember pamiętasz
ramon ramon
morning dobry
robinson robinson
remember pamiętam
before przed
someone kogoś
school szkoły
general generale
death śmierć
amanda amanda
talking mówisz
shoop shoop
heart serce
going dzieje
bobby bobby
wanted chciałem
question pytanie
henry henry
world świat
polly polly
brittany brittany
almost prawie
still ciągle
nancy nancy
ladies panie
woman kobieta
understand rozumiesz
little trochę
huckabees huckabees
death śmierci
worry martw
watch uważaj
through przez
still wciąż
should powinien
lambda lambda
heard słyszałem
gotta gotta
father ojcze
everyone wszyscy
where dokąd
think pomyśl
seconds sekund
ready gotowi
night dobranoc
hours godzin
hello cześć
great świetnie
gonna gonna
doing robię
chris chris
again znowu
weeks tygodnie
tonight wieczorem
right prawo
phone telefon
máiquel máiquel
emily emily
albert albert
thought myślałam
robert robert
pollyanna pollyanno
police policja
light light
important ważne
happy szczęśliwy
gotta muszę
fucking pieprzony
fucking kurwa
found znalazłem
first najpierw
amulet amulet
actually właściwie
world world
truth prawdę
thanks dziękuję
plane samolotu
plane samolot
parents rodziców
mount mount
leave zostaw
helen helen
george george
every każdy
could mógłbym
carlos carlos
better lepsze
believe wierzę
thank dziękujemy
randa randa
outside zewnątrz
miguel miguel
hours godziny
weeks tygodni
think chyba
stupid głupi
sounds brzmi
sister siostra
right racja
remember pamiętaj
nothing niczego
nigga nigga
lumpy lumpek
funny zabawne
enough wystarczająco
could mógłbyś
between między
betty betty
barry barry
wrong stało
thats thats
something czymś
romain romain
means znaczy
hello hello
great wspaniale
damien damien
close blisko
champ mistrzu
because dlatego
yesterday wczoraj
william william
unless chyba
think sądzę
something czegoś
since odkąd
seven siedem
pollyanna pollyanna
nerds frajerzy
needs potrzebuje
munson munson
message wiadomość
mcelroy mcelroy
joyce joyce
jakeem jakeem
hospital szpitala
gilbert gilbert
forget zapomnij
forever zawsze
chantal chantal
captain kapitanie
beautiful piękne
anything cokolwiek
until dopóki
troubles troubles
swear przysięgam
probably prawdopodobnie
place miejscu
paula paula
motherfucker motherfucker
months miesięcy
least przynajmniej
jones jones
felix felix
family rodziny
every każdym
every każdego
cledir cledir
black czarny
anything niczego
young młody
world świata
woman kobiety
trouble kłopoty
tommy tommy
robin robin
reason powód
rachel rachel
professor profesorze
people ludźmi
mountain mountain
marcão marcăo
honor sądzie
heffalump hefalump
friends przyjaciół
fight walki
fight walczyć
could moglibyśmy
connie connie
conklin conklin
chainsaw chainsaw
warren warren
thinks myśli
ready gotów
pretty całkiem
pretty ładna
parents rodzice
mother matki
mother matkę
killed zabiłeś
kathy kathy
hello witam
harrington harrington
happened zdarzyło
gotta musisz
favor przysługę
family rodziną
everybody każdy
eight osiem
country kraju
cloud cloud
brother bratem
yourself siebie
wanted chciała
tango tango
smell zapach
questions pytań
napisy napisy
music muzyka
months miesiące
minute chwilę
meeting spotkanie
lighthouse lighthouse
killed zabił
heintz heinz
happen stało
great wielki
goodbye widzenia
going idziesz
ginger ginger
friends przyjaciółmi
friend przyjaciel
found znaleźliśmy
first pierwsza
finally końcu
father ojcem
english angielskiego
drugs narkotyki
could możesz
change zmienić
brigitte brigitte
billy billy
before wcześniej
anything czegoś
anderson anderson
wanted chciałam
waiting czeka
think wydaje
think uważasz
strange dziwne
story historię
start zacząć
should powinno
roper roper
quiet cicho
listen słuchać
instead zamiast
hurry szybko
history historii
friend przyjacielu
first pierwsze
family rodzina
everything wszystkiego
enough wystarczy
doing robicie
dinner obiad
dinner kolację
cuthbertson cuthbertson
could możemy
carlo carlo
between pomiędzy
around dookoła
afraid obawiam
worry martwić
which który
welcome witamy
welcome witaj
vaughn vaughn
thatch thatch
talking mówię
stuff rzeczy
story historia
somewhere gdzieś
really serio
promise obiecuję
person osoba
pathway pathway
party przyjęcie
minute minutę
marvin marvin
lucky szczęście
lewis lewis
laura laura
larry larry
howard howard
hotel hotelu
harvey harvey
happy szczęśliwa
girlfriend dziewczyna
frankie frankie
fight walkę
faster szybciej
family rodzinę
everywhere wszędzie
erica erica
daughter córka
couple kilka
congratulations gratulacje
cause ponieważ
carter carter
better lepszy
aoshima aoshima
against przeciw
admiral admirale
young young
worse gorzej
while kiedy
whatever cokolwiek
thursday czwartek
though chociaż
telling mówię
somebody kogoś
right dokładnie
proud dumny
private szeregowy
police policję
phoebe phoebe
peter peter
nobody nikogo
mother matką
million milionów
matter znaczenia
lunch lunch
loves kocha
heard słyszałam
friend przyjacielem
during podczas
darling kochanie
chance szansę
booth booth
beautiful piękny
bathroom łazienki
answer odpowiedź
alpha alpha
works pracuje
woman kobietą
white biały
welcome witam
trying próbuję
truth prawda
trust zaufaj
think myślą
sweet słodkie
sisters siostry
should powinnam
right właśnie
right racje
ready gotowa
questions pytania
possible możliwe
pictures zdjęcia
person osobą
often często
night wieczorem
moment chwilę
marriage małżeństwo
maria maria
maggie maggie
light światło
learn nauczyć
killed zabiłem
kidding żartujesz
james james
guess domyślam
gudge gudge
great wielkie
great świetny
funny zabawny
friends przyjaciele
everyone każdy
earth ziemi
destroy zniszczyć
denise denise
could mogłeś
could mógłby
contract kontrakt
comes przychodzi
coach trenerze
closer bliżej
class klasie
castle castle
brougham brougham
boyfriend chłopaka
being bycie
beach plaży
anyway razie
about około
yours twoje
women kobietami
weird dziwne
weekend weekend
watch patrz
wanted chciał
victory zwycięstwo
tonight dzisiaj
think myśleć
talon pazur
sweet słodki
should powinnaś
saying mówisz
saint saint
right jasne
reverend pastorze
ready gotowe
quickly szybko
proof dowód
police policji
piglet prosiaczku
otter otter
other innych
music muzykę
mission misja
million milion
lawrence lawrence
lately ostatnio
jesus jezus
interested zainteresowany
impossible niemożliwe
hoping nadzieję
hills hills
heffalump hefalumpa
happening dzieje
guess chyba
girls dziewczyn
garth garth
future przyszłość
forgive wybacz
fight walka
feeling uczucie
everything wszystkim
everybody wszystkich
dakota dakota
conrad conrad
coalition koalicji
church kościół
christina christina
christ chryste
chief szefie
catch złapać
california kalifornii
bullshit gówno
bedroom sypialni
beautiful piękną
another innego
accident wypadek
would miałbym
worth warte
working pracuję
woman kobietę
whisky whisky
while podczas
wayne wayne
wallace wallace
understand rozumie
touch dotykaj
title tytuł
tired zmęczony
thorn thorn
thinking myślisz
there tutaj
teacher nauczycielem
street ulicy
spaces spaces
sister siostrę
shania shania
shane shane
serious poważnie
saying mówię
rules zasady
roxbury roxbury
reinaldo reinaldo
probably pewnie
prison więzieniu
present prezent
point chodzi
paris paryżu
office biurze
nicholl nicholl
newton newton
music muzyki
munion munion
money pieniędzmi
moira moira
moily moiiy
minutes minuty
minister premierze
memories wspomnienia
marlene marlene
majesty wysokość
madeleine madeleine
lomax lomax
lifestream lifestream
leave zostawić
jimmy jimmy
interesting interesujące
inside wewnątrz
hurry pośpiesz
hungry głodny
horton horton
hello witaj
going jedziemy
girls dziewczynki
girlfriend dziewczynę
giardella giardella
general generał
found znalazłam
first pierwszej
explain wyjaśnić
example przykład
dubai dubaiu
dollars dolarów
doing wyprawiasz
doctor doktor
crick crick
coming idzie
clothes ubrania
church kościoła
church kościele
choice wyboru
child dziecka
check sprawdzić
champ mistrzem
casino kasyno
called nazywa
breathe oddychać
books książki
bette bette
believe wierzysz
because powodu
bastard draniu
american amerykański
alice alice
young młoda
write napisać
worry przejmuj
works działa
wonder zastanawiam
water wodzie
wanted chciałeś
vegas vegas
usually zazwyczaj
understand zrozumieć
trouble kłopotów
train pociąg
tigers tygrysy
tickets bilety
thought pomyślałem
thinking myślałem
thank thank
surprise niespodziankę
studio studio
stand stand
situation sytuacja
sipowicz sipowicz
shoulder ramię
shinpei shinpei
sheriff szeryfie
sense sensu
seems wydaje
roger roger
right zgadza
right prawa
reverend wielebny
relax odpręż
reason powodu
rather raczej
rabbit króliku
rabbit królik
president prezydent
pregnant ciąży
plans plany
plane samolocie
phone telefonu
peace pokoju
other innymi
orders rozkazy
order rozkaz
nightmare koszmar
month miesiąc
master panie
marty marty
marlênio marlęnio
major majorze
madam madam
london londynie
listen słuchajcie
lieutenant poruczniku
lieutenant porucznik
inside środku
howard howardzie
hospital szpitalu
great wspaniałe
grandma babciu
gonna zamiar
going zamierzam
flowers kwiaty
floor piętro
first pierwszym
finger palec
excuse wybaczcie
dizzy dizzy
desouza desouza
danger danger
could mogłabym
could mogłabyś
completely zupełnie
college collegu
coincidence okoliczności
chuckles chichoty
child dzieckiem
check sprawdź
championship mistrzostwo
cards karty
bones bones
blond blond
beverly beverly
believe wierzyć
beautiful piękna
bazaar kiermasz
arthur arturze
appreciate doceniam
anyone nikogo
another jeszcze
alright porządku
alone spokoju
agent agent
admire podziwiam
absolutely całkowicie
wrong niewłaściwe
would byłoby
working pracujesz
words słowa
witnesses świadków
walls ściany
venus venus
upstairs górze
tutti tutti
truth prawdy
three trzech
thought pomyślałam
think sądzisz
think myśli
thinking myślę
thing rzeczą
there proszę
talking mówimy
takes zabiorą
sunday niedzielę
sultan sultan
students uczniów
stakeout rozpoznawczej
sorry wybacz
smile uśmiech
sister siostrze
simple simple
simple proste
should powinna
shoot strzelaj
service service
rocky rocky
reasons powodów
racism rasizm
quite całkiem
quentin quentin
qingcheng qingcheng
protect chronić
place miejsca
patty patty
operation operacja
office biura
names imiona
mother matce
minute chwileczkę
merlot merlot
marino marino
louis louis
lives życia
lawyer adwokata
laughs śmiechy
kyoto kyoto
kitchen kuchni
julio julio
jesus jezusa
inside środka
human ludzkie
helps pomaga
heard słyszałeś
harry harry
happy wszystkiego
happen stanie
happens dzieje
hands dłonie
hammer młotek
guess przypuszczam
great świetne
gonna zamierzam
gonna będzie
going pójdę
goddamn cholera
gills gills
gable gable
funny śmieszne
fuckin pierdolony
friend przyjaciela
found znalazł
first pierwszą
fiona fiona
feelings uczucia
feeling czujesz
family rodzinie
except wyjątkiem
evening wieczór
enoque enoque
english angielsku
easier łatwiej
durant durant
drunk pijany
drugs narkotyków
doing robimy
daughter córkę
courtney courtney
could mogłoby
control kontroli
computer komputer
coach trenerem
clean czysty
christ chrystus
chief szefem
cheers zdrowie
changed zmieniło
careful uważaj
byong byong
business interes
burke burke
budapest budapeszcie
brothers bracia
brother brata
brooke brooke
bought kupił
bones kości
bitch dziwką
believe uwierz
baylock baylock
atlantis atlantydy
asshole dupku
anyone nikomu
anymore więcej
andrew andrew
again ponownie
actress aktorką
zebraman zebraman
young młode
yongkang yongkang
wrong złego
wormser wormser
woods lesie
women kobiet
wizja wizja
waiting czekasz
waiting czekają
vacation wakacje
usual zwykle
universe wszechświat
uncle wujek
trouble trouble
troubled troubled
totally całkowicie
tomorrow jutra
think uważam
think pomyśleć
thing jedno
teach uczyć
taylor taylor
tarbell tarbell
talking rozmawiamy
takashi takashi
suddenly nagle
still ruszaj
steal ukraść
start początek
sorry przepraszamy
songs piosenki
soldier żołnierz
smart mądry
sister siostry
shoot zastrzelić
serious poważny
seriously poważnie
second chwilkę
second chwileczkę
scared przestraszony
salameh salameh
roxanne roxanne
right zaraz
right prawej
rifle karabinu
rhonda rhonda
really bardzo
realize sprawę
queen queen
professor profesor
pounds funtów
pobrane pobrane
piece kawałek
picture zdjęcie
passed zdałam
parade paradę
pancake pancake
other drugiej
noise hałas
nature natura
napisów napisów
movie filmie
motherfucker matkojebco
mississippi mississippi
michael michael
merton merton
markovski markowski
looking szukasz
looking szukam
lizard jaszczur
libby libby
lewton lewton
leave odejść
khalil khalil
johnny johnny
jenny jenny
jason jason
imagine wyobrazić
idiot idiotą
honey skarbie
highland highiand
heffalumps hefalumpy
gundars gundor
guard warcie
greek greek
great super
going idzie
glory glory
glasses okulary
gawain gawain
france francji
forgot zapomniałem
forget zapomnieć
foley foley
finally wreszcie
faith faith
explain wytłumaczyć
every codziennie
ethan ethan
england anglii
eakian eakian
doctor lekarza
difference różnica
detective detektywie
depends zależy
denzel denzel
deeply głęboko
customers klientów
court sądzie
council council
congratulations gratuluję
colonel pułkowniku
college college
close zamknij
cleveland cleveland
clear clear
choice wybór
childs childs
chance szansa
cause spowoduj
carvalho carvalho
camille camille
camera kamerę
business biznesie
brother bracie
bring przyprowadź
breakfast śniadanie
bitch sukinsyn
birthday najlepszego
beginning początek
beardsley beardsleya
basement piwnicy
atlantis atlantyda
artist artystą
artist artist
artemus artemus
armor zbroi
anything wszystko
answer odpowiedz
america ameryka
america ameryce
ambassador ambasadorze
amateur amateur
although chociaż
albert albercie
alarm alarm
agree zgadzam
against przeciwko
afraid niestety
actually właciwie
about chodzi
wrong dzieje
would byłby
wonder dziwnego
whoever ktokolwiek
whitmore whitmore
white biała
whenever kiedykolwiek
weston weston
weapon broni
wanted chciałaś
walter walter
voice głosem
victoria victoria
upset zdenerwowany
tigger tygrysie
throat gardło
thousands tysiące
thought myślałeś
thought myślałaś
third trzeci
teach nauczyć
table stole
sweetheart kochanie
sunday niedzieli
story historyjka
station stacja
started zacząłem
spend spędzić
space przestrzeń
sound dźwięk
sooner wcześniej
snarling warcząc
smile uśmiechnij
smell zapachu
slave niewolnikiem
simply prostu
sighs westchnienia
shirt koszulkę
sergeant sierżant
secret sekret
second drugi
second chwilę
scared boisz
santana santana
rules zasad
roosevelt roosevelt
roaring ryczący
rings pierścionki
rifle karabin
remind przypominasz
remember pamięta
relationship związek
really naprawde
reality rzeczywistość
ralph ralph
quality jakość
proud dumni
proud dumna
problems problemy
problem sprawy
problem problemu
prisoner więzień
pleasure przyjemność
plane samolotem
pickles pickles
personal osobista
personally osobiście
perfectly doskonale
paulina pauline
paris paryża
pants spodnie
omega omega
numbers numery
nothing niczym
nobuo nobuo
night night
nearly prawie
national narodowe
museum muzeum
murphy murphy
month miesiącu
monster potworem
moment moment
moment chwilkę
moment chwili
moment chwileczkę
moment chwila
minute chwilkę
million miliony
mighty mighty
might możliwe
midnight północy
micky micky
matter ważne
matter stało
maskala maskala
marion marion
lower opuścić
lives mieszka
lives życie
little małego
lever dźwignię
letters listy
leslie leslie
lawyer prawnik
language język
kidding żartuję
kadaj kadaj
important ważny
important najważniejsze
idiot idiota
ideas pomysły
hurry przyśpieszaj
hungry głodna
huddy ellen
horowitz horowitz
homeless bezdomnych
heroes bohaterami
hello dzień
heffalump hefalumpem
heavyweight ciężkiej
heavy ciężkie
heart serca
hates nienawidzi
harvard harvard
happy zadowolony
happy szczęśliwi
guest gościem
guangming guangming
great wspaniały
great dobrze
great świetna
grandpa dziadku
grandpa dziadek
going zamierzasz
going będzie
girlfriend dziewczyną
future przyszłości
friday piątek
freedom wolność
fraternity bractwo
francis francis
francesca francesca
forward naprzód
football football
folks ludzie
feels czuje
families rodziny
faith wiara
excuse słucham
evidence dowód
especially zwłaszcza
engine silnik
dreams snach
dream marzenia
doing wyrabiasz
doing robić
disappeared zniknęła
detective detektyw
details szczegóły
destiny przeznaczenie
deserve zasługujesz
definitely zdecydowanie
decision decyzja
danny danny
danielle danieiie
dangerous niebezpieczne
creek creek
crazy zwariowany
cracks pęknięcia
course jasne
completely kompletnie
completely całkowicie
clear jasne
check zobacz
cheating oszukuje
chase chase
champ mistrz
cellar piwnicy
carmen carmen
careful ostrożny
careful ostrożnie
calling dzwonię
business sprawa
bullshit bzdury
bruce bruce
brothers braci
bright jasne
breathe oddychaj
breasts piersi
bless błogosławi
blake blake
bishop bishop
bible biblii
beardsley beardsley
beach plażę
bazaar kiermaszu
bathroom łazience
attention uwagę
asked poprosiła
arrested aresztowany
around zobaczenia
around wokół
apparel kolekcję
apology przeprosiny
anywhere gdziekolwiek
another innym
animals zwierzęta
angry wściekły
amazing niesamowite
amazing niesamowita
albert alberta
airport lotnisko
ahead śmiało
aggressive agresywna
again widzieć
about powodu
