kiitos merci
miksi pourquoi
miten comment
kapteeni capitaine
jotain quelque
tehdä faire
peter peter
koska parce
ennen avant
katso regarde
pahoillani désolé
koskaan jamais
kukaan personne
kolme trois
odota attends
freddie freddie
anteeksi désolé
oikeassa raison
kuinka comment
anteeksi pardon
tenoch tenoch
kuten comme
auttaa aider
tapahtui passé
sitten alors
selvä accord
luulin croyais
herrat messieurs
david david
vielä encore
tervetuloa bienvenue
paris pâris
mennä aller
herra monsieur
yhdessä ensemble
paska merde
julio julio
olisi aurait
michael michael
luisa luisa
kiitti merci
niinkö vraiment
morph morph
derek derek
minuuttia minutes
huomenna demain
helena hélène
puhua parler
paljon beaucoup
halusin voulais
tyttö fille
lizzie lizzie
huomenta bonjour
emery emery
tohtori docteur
tietää savoir
minäkin aussi
metriä mètres
lopeta arrête
ketään personne
joten alors
ensin abord
totuus vérité
mitch mitch
milloin quand
batman batman
woods woods
tarvitsen besoin
pahoillani désolée
kauan longtemps
faith faith
brodie brodie
aikaa temps
tapahtuu passe
tapahtui arrivé
robinson robinson
ongelma problème
odota attendez
mistä comment
mikset pourquoi
lennie lennie
hawkins hawkins
halusi voulait
warner warner
takaisin reviens
preston preston
pitäisi devrais
onnea chance
olemme sommes
giles giles
elizabeth elizabeth
connor connor
wayne wayne
toivottavasti espère
pitäisi devrait
päivää jours
olisi serait
nainen femme
muistatko souviens
kulta chérie
kuinka combien
jimbo jimbo
jälkeen après
hiljaisuutta silence
heippa revoir
harper harper
haluaisin aimerais
chase chase
yritän essaie
sydney sydney
sulho prétendant
ollut était
kusipää connard
jimmy jimmy
hyvät mesdames
gabriel gabriel
bruce bruce
voittaa gagner
valitse choisir
tiesin savais
sisään entrer
rakkaus amour
pelastaa sauver
neljä quatre
muuta autre
miksei pourquoi
lupaan promets
helppoa facile
delia delia
brandi brandi
veljeni frère
tommy tommy
toinen autre
tiennyt savais
tavannut rencontré
sullivan sullivan
simms simms
showtime showtime
sarah sarah
onnellinen heureux
naimisiin marier
merrin merrin
kysymys question
katso regardez
hooker hooker
hektor hector
callahan callahan
viimeinen dernier
uskoa croire
todella vraiment
skynet skynet
sisään entrez
silent silent
rahat argent
muuta chose
luulen pense
kuollut morte
kuolleita morts
khaled khaled
garcia garcia
connie connie
anteeksi désolée
ainoa seule
zoolander zoolander
vittu putain
viitsi allez
unohda tomber
tytöt filles
totuuden vérité
terve salut
teemme faire
svenning svenning
ricardo ricardo
paikka endroit
nuori jeune
naiset mesdames
myöhässä retard
muistan souviens
montako combien
matthew matthew
lydia lydia
luulen crois
lonnegan lonnegan
kyllä ouais
koneet machines
komentaja commandant
katsokaa regardez
joskus parfois
jericho jericho
jäädä rester
ikinä jamais
hitto merde
hammond hammond
ensimmäinen premier
edward edward
eddie eddie
carrie carrie
brooke brooke
arrow arrow
allannah allannah
ymmärrän comprends
ymmärrä comprends
vauhtia allez
vanha vieux
vaimoni femme
tuolla voilà
tunnetko connais
tulossa arrive
taylor taylor
tarvitsemme besoin
tarina histoire
rouva madame
roland roland
rauhoitu calme
rahaa argent
poika fiston
paskiainen salaud
parempi mieux
odottaa attendre
nygma nygma
morpheus morpheus
melkein presque
meidän notre
maxie maxie
luulin pensais
luulet crois
luota confiance
löytää trouver
lähteä partir
lähteä aller
kuullut entendu
kuolla mourir
kummituksia fantômes
kulta amour
kiitoksia merci
karen karen
joseph joseph
hienoa super
hetkinen attends
halunnut voulais
dolly dolly
danny danny
bradbury bradbury
anteeksi desole
agustin agustin
vivian vivian
viikkoa semaines
turpa gueule
tuntia heures
toimittaja journaliste
tiedät savez
tarpeeksi assez
tapasin rencontré
sparrow sparrow
soitan appelle
señor señor
sairas malade
rakastunut amoureuse
prinssi prince
poliisi police
poika garçon
pitänyt aurais
paras meilleur
odottakaa attendez
nicole nicole
näytän montrer
mugatu mugatu
miten pourquoi
minnow minnow
menelaos ménélas
mcgovern mcgovern
manuel manuel
lontooseen londres
löysin trouvé
kysyttävää questions
kuuletko entends
kulta chéri
kaunis belle
kauanko combien
kaikki monde
jotkut certains
iltaa bonsoir
helvetti putain
helvetti merde
helmi pearl
hauskaa drôle
harry harry
halusit voulais
flint flint
faithin faith
delbert delbert
chrissy chrissy
charrolastra charrolastra
carlos carlos
bauer bauer
akhilleus achille
vision vision
victor victor
veronica veronica
vastaus réponse
vargas vargas
vaarallinen dangereux
tunnen connais
tulkaa venez
tulee vient
troijalaiset troyens
tosissasi sérieux
toisen autre
toimii marche
todellako vraiment
tiedätkö savez
terve bonjour
terry terry
tässä voici
tässä tiens
tapahtunut passé
tapahtunut arrivé
tänne viens
töihin travail
syödä manger
sitten ensuite
sherry sherry
sherman sherman
riittää suffit
rauhallisesti doucement
rauhallisesti calme
purjevene voilier
puhut parles
pretty pretty
poika gamin
piste point
paska putain
paljonko combien
pablon pablo
opetti appris
mitään grave
miljoonaa millions
mason mason
maski masque
maanantaina lundi
luther luther
luottaa confiance
lisbon lisbon
liiku bouge
kuule ecoute
kurtisaani courtisane
kotiin rentrer
kotiin rentre
kiltti plaît
kiittää remercier
kenneth kenneth
katsotaan voyons
katharine catherine
kamera caméra
jessica jessica
hyvästi revoir
hienoa génial
hetki instant
haista foutre
gondorff gondorff
freddien freddie
etsin cherche
esitellä présenter
englantia anglais
dollarilla dollar
delta delta
cross cross
cecilia cecilia
billy billy
betelgeuse betelgeuse
begbie begbie
asioita choses
ainakin moins
aarre trésor
zidler zidler
ymmärrätkö comprends
ykkönen numéro
windham windham
william william
vittu merde
viimeinen dernière
viikolla semaine
vaarallista dangereux
uskon crois
uskomatonta incroyable
tyttäreni fille
tytön fille
turner turner
tucker tucker
toinen deuxième
timmons timmons
tässä voilà
tarkoitat comment
tarkalleen exactement
täältä sortir
suihkussa douche
snyder snyder
silver silver
sekuntia secondes
sankari héros
samppanjaa champagne
rakkaudesta amour
rafael rafael
pyytää excuser
plankton plancton
pappi prêtre
päivän jours
oranssi orange
olisin aurais
odottaa attend
nimeni appelle
nicola nicola
nähdään revoir
muista souviens
minuutissa minutes
mennä partir
mennä aille
luuletko crois
lahja cadeau
kuuntele écoute
kuulitko entendu
koulusta école
koulun gardez
koulu école
kohtalo destin
kensington kensington
kaunis magnifique
kartan carte
kaljaa bière
juuri exactement
jatkuu ouverte
ihanko vraiment
hitto putain
heikko faible
haluat voulez
haluatko voulez
hallam hallam
etäisyys distance
espanjassa espagne
elmer elmer
eliza eliza
elijah elijah
chips chips
brewster brewster
audrey audrey
armonne honneur
armollinen pitié
aribau aribau
anton anton
anderson anderson
