quand quando
merci obrigado
faire fazer
maintenant agora
alors então
jamais nunca
monde mundo
temps tempo
chose coisa
pourquoi porque
aussi também
parce porque
homme homem
personne ninguém
avant antes
toujours sempre
notre nosso
allez vamos
parler falar
femme mulher
mieux melhor
monsieur senhor
autre outro
désolé desculpe
voiture carro
autre outra
choses coisas
après depois
demain amanhã
histoire história
argent dinheiro
merde merda
livre livro
guerre guerra
notre nossa
porte porta
encore ainda
problème problema
besoin preciso
famille família
ville cidade
aider ajudar
savoir saber
combien quanto
quelque alguma
président presidente
minutes minutos
voulais queria
étais estava
vérité verdade
merci obrigada
hommes homens
était estava
autres outros
depuis desde
mourir morrer
comme assim
travail trabalho
semaine semana
moins menos
désolé sinto
allons vamos
savais sabia
avons temos
professeur professor
avait tinha
heures horas
espère espero
chambre quarto
plaît favor
enfants crianças
question pergunta
fille filha
chance sorte
avais tinha
attends espere
raison razão
première primeira
police polícia
entre entre
passé aconteceu
beaucoup muito
longtemps tempo
corps corpo
contre contra
besoin precisa
école escola
premier primeiro
frère irmão
endroit lugar
johnny johnny
gilliam gilliam
chérie querida
attendez espere
femme esposa
connais conheço
viens venha
matin manhã
boulot trabalho
bateau barco
toujours ainda
monde todos
attention cuidado
terre terra
fille garota
semaines semanas
arrivé aconteceu
accord certo
vraiment realmente
rester ficar
coeur coração
sommes estamos
seule única
système sistema
pourquoi porquê
planète planeta
parfois vezes
vraiment mesmo
sommes somos
quatre quatro
plait favor
putain merda
harvey harvey
grand grande
dernière última
amérique américa
maître mestre
conseil conselho
messieurs senhores
ecclesiaste sacerdote
peter peter
meilleur melhor
important importante
serait seria
jeune jovem
harry harry
ensemble juntos
enfants filhos
crois acredito
tyler tyler
meurtre assassinato
général general
entrer entrar
dirait parece
église igreja
accident acidente
sarah sarah
gauche esquerda
facile fácil
presque quase
pouvoir poder
personne pessoa
morts mortos
moment momento
juifs judeus
frank frank
femmes mulheres
enfer inferno
drôle engraçado
comprends entendo
sauver salvar
réponse resposta
millions milhões
choix escolha
bureau escritório
vivre viver
numéro número
humain humano
armes armas
abord primeiro
vraiment sério
vieux velho
secondes segundos
billy billy
matrice matrix
maman mamãe
cette aquela
aimerais gostaria
toutes todas
sécurité segurança
pardon desculpe
george george
trouver encontrar
trésor tesouro
revoir tchau
raison certo
perdre perder
partie parte
crime crime
average average
assez suficiente
quelques alguns
plaisir prazer
heureux feliz
croire acreditar
cause causa
avion avião
attendre esperar
travailler trabalhar
téléphone telefone
reste fique
goldie goldie
devrais deveria
aucun nenhum
surprise surpresa
patron chefe
montrer mostrar
minute minuto
ligne linha
avenir futuro
voulait queria
veulent querem
petit pequeno
musique música
malade doente
katie katie
inspecteur detetive
hagrid hagrid
faute culpa
dollars dólares
secret segredo
questions perguntas
prison prisão
morte morta
meilleure melhor
manger comer
lewis lewis
jouer jogar
droit direito
connais conhece
simple simples
problèmes problemas
prêts prontos
passé passado
ordinateur computador
morpheus morfeu
masseur massagista
derrière atrás
david david
désolée sinto
carter carter
autres outras
attends espera
viens vamos
poisson peixe
place lugar
magazine revista
intérieur dentro
intéressant interessante
grande grande
entendu ouviu
enfant criança
croyais pensei
bière cerveja
avocat advogado
winter winter
seule sozinha
quoyle quoyle
laisser deixar
inquiète preocupe
hôtel hotel
droite direita
devant frente
écrire escrever
vraiment verdade
univers universo
rêves sonhos
possible possível
morte morreu
mariage casamento
exactement exatamente
enfin finalmente
dormir dormir
connaissez conhece
changer mudar
bizarre estranho
arthur arthur
trouvé encontrei
super ótimo
seigneur senhor
prisonnier queimada
peuvent podem
payer pagar
passe acontecendo
parfait perfeito
message mensagem
mesdames senhoras
libre livre
juste apenas
jonathan jonathan
jésus jesus
importe qualquer
humains humanos
hôpital hospital
esprit mente
difficile difícil
devons temos
déclaration declaração
chance chance
cancer câncer
besoin precisar
besoin precisamos
avait havia
viktor viktor
revoir adeus
personnes pessoas
parle falando
honneur honra
globo globo
filles garotas
dernier último
équipe equipe
sérieux sério
quelques algumas
pouvons podemos
ordre ordem
instant momento
force força
fenêtre janela
dangereux perigoso
combien quantos
situation situação
peron perón
docteur doutor
danger perigo
blanc branco
énergie energia
acheter comprar
tueur assassino
triste triste
point ponto
pendant enquanto
machine máquina
groupe grupo
fleurs flores
essayer tentar
entendre ouvir
dracula drácula
daniel daniel
chien cachorro
cheveux cabelo
barry barry
adore adoro
venez venha
trucs coisas
règle regra
penser pensar
monstre monstro
humaine humana
gouvernement governo
fille menina
faites fazendo
clark clark
chéri querido
berlin berlim
arrêter parar
aimes gosta
tramell tramell
seconde segundo
savons sabemos
prochaine próxima
pensais pensei
moitié metade
justice justiça
jonesy jonesy
jérusalem jerusalém
héros herói
duddits duddits
comte conde
château castelo
cette nesta
capitaine capitão
cadeau presente
avais tivesse
étrange estranho
armée exército
anakin anakin
visage rosto
sydney sidney
souviens lembro
savent sabem
ripley ripley
radio rádio
probablement provavelmente
prendre pegar
oublié esqueci
mission missão
lunettes óculos
joyce joyce
impossible impossível
heure horas
fleur fleur
enceinte grávida
dumbledore dumbledore
dîner jantar
chercher buscar
cette desta
blanche branca
barillo barillo
assez bastante
émission programa
affaires negócios
washington washington
victime vítima
tricia tricia
travaille trabalho
rouge vermelha
plage praia
pensais achei
passer passar
parlé falou
nombre número
matthew matthew
marié casado
médecin médico
livres livros
liberté liberdade
génial ótimo
forme forma
essayé tentei
devrais devia
commencer começar
charles charles
certains alguns
agent agente
voler roubar
trouvé achei
temple templo
serai estarei
reste resto
rapport relatório
potter potter
perdu perdi
pense penso
pendant durante
pekar pekar
nature natureza
importe importa
idiot idiota
horloge relógio
frères irmãos
dimanche domingo
désolée desculpe
cherche procurando
charlie charlie
attaque ataque
ascenseur elevador
apprendre aprender
andrew andrew
aéroport aeroporto
trinity trinity
toilettes banheiro
teddy teddy
siècle século
savez sabem
savait sabia
santé saúde
putain porra
protéus proteus
propre própria
petite pequena
perdu perdeu
parler conversar
normal normal
mutants mutantes
merde droga
masque máscara
lettres cartas
jungle selva
jambe perna
incroyable inacreditável
hitler hitler
garçon rapaz
garçon garoto
excellence excelência
essaie tentando
elektra eiektra
demander perguntar
demandé pediu
démon demônio
croyais achei
compagnie companhia
christ cristo
changé mudou
cette dessa
cerveau cérebro
carrière carreira
brodie brodie
aurais devia
attend esperando
accord acordo
zappy zaphod
violence violência
théorie teoria
suite agora
souviens lembra
silence silêncio
signal sinal
semble parece
retard atrasado
rebecca rebecca
propre próprio
preston preston
prêtre sacerdote
orchidées orquídeas
michael michael
lorsque quando
lieutenant tenente
fiston filho
existe existe
exemple exemplo
espoir esperança
entrez entre
demander pedir
désolé desculpa
comprendre entender
commencé começou
comme jeito
centre centro
catherine catherine
carte cartão
campagne campanha
attend espere
ainsi assim
adieu adeus
écoute escute
suivre seguir
reviens volto
pudding pudim
présent agora
pouvoirs poderes
pourrais poderia
poissons peixes
photos fotos
pauvre pobre
parole palavra
parle falar
odeur cheiro
morgan morgan
milliers milhares
gerstein gerstein
félicitations parabéns
dormer dormer
dernier última
détruire destruir
désolé lamento
copine namorada
contrôle controle
continuer continuar
cindy cindy
chercher pegar
calme calma
aurait teria
était fosse
anniversaire aniversário
triangle triângulo
sénateur senador
résistance resistência
répondre responder
rapide rápido
raison motivo
règles regras
réalité realidade
promets prometo
programme programa
prends pegue
prendre tomar
passe passa
ordres ordens
nilsen nilsen
nécessaire necessário
miroir espelho
martini martini
machines máquinas
incroyable incrível
humanité humanidade
henry henry
gates gates
fight clube
façon maneira
europe europa
ensuite depois
enchantée prazer
doivent devem
différent diferente
différence diferença
combien quantas
chancelier chanceler
brandi brandi
belle linda
aucune nenhuma
animaux animais
aiment gostam
agatha agatha
écrit escreveu
vraiment muito
voudrais gostaria
travers através
traitement tratamento
steve steve
sortie saída
sentir sentir
robert robert
raison certa
projet projeto
problème problemas
prince príncipe
présidence presidente
patient paciente
ocean oceano
mcmurphy mcmurphy
marla marla
madame senhora
laissez deixe
innocent inocente
hermione hermione
grand maior
folle louca
expérience experiência
devrait deveria
deuxième segunda
destin destino
cousin primo
cours corra
continue continue
compte conta
client cliente
cigarettes cigarros
chiffres números
chaise cadeira
bruce bruce
baiser beijo
bébés bebês
aurais teria
étais fosse
assassin assassino
américain americano
écrivain escritor
voyage viagem
vincent vincent
vendeur vendedor
vegas vegas
touche toque
thomas thomas
sujet assunto
sinbad sinbad
sherman sherman
serais seria
samantha samantha
salut adeus
royaume reino
roger roger
reviens volte
respire respire
respect respeito
réussi conseguiu
question questão
puissant poderoso
promesse promessa
premier primeira
prête pronta
pouvais pudesse
portes portas
politique política
personnalité personalidade
parles falando
oublier esquecer
oracle oráculo
laisse deixe
justin justin
julia julia
jouer brincar
jackson jackson
indestructible incrível
image imagem
idées idéias
gosses crianças
fantôme fantasma
estomac estômago
envie quero
disent dizem
discours discurso
dents dentes
dépend depende
danielle danielle
cuisine cozinha
contrat contrato
content feliz
conscience consciência
confiance confiança
clients clientes
cinéma cinema
choisir escolha
bombe bomba
bientôt breve
betty betty
arriver acontecer
argentine argentina
appeler chamar
appartement apartamento
anderton anderton
ambulance ambulância
actrice atriz
zidler zidler
volonté vontade
voldemort voldemort
visite visita
vatican vaticano
unités unidades
trouvé encontrou
toute qualquer
tempête tempestade
tartare tártarus
syracuse siracusa
soudain repente
société sociedade
secours socorro
sérieusement sério
richard richard
reste ficar
reine rainha
reggie reggie
prisonnier prisioneiro
plupart maioria
perdu perdido
pensé pensei
paris paris
pardon perdão
pardon licença
ouais certo
normal certo
membre membro
maths matemática
marque marca
maladie doença
mégrathmoilà magrathea
lucian lucian
londres londres
logan logan
laroche laroche
langue língua
journal diário
jeunes jovens
isabelle isabel
immeuble prédio
humma humma
heureuse feliz
héros heróis
goodman goodman
genoux joelhos
gamin garoto
galaxie galáxia
gagner ganhar
futur futuro
finalement finalmente
films filmes
entreprise empresa
entends ouvindo
endroits lugares
eglise igreja
ecole escola
donald donald
déjeuner almoço
début começo
craig craig
costume uniforme
connaître conhecer
confiance confiar
clown palhaço
cigarette cigarro
bruit barulho
brenda brenda
bordel diabos
blague piada
bicke bicke
beaucoup muita
asseoir sentar
arrive consigo
appeler ligar
aimez gosta
écrit escrito
vidéo vídeo
trouver achar
temps tempos
suicide suicídio
street street
source fonte
souper jantar
seulement apenas
satine satine
samedi sábado
riddick riddick
retourner voltar
remercier agradecer
regina regina
regarder olhar
rachel rachel
prouver provar
protéger proteger
prenez pegue
prétendant pretendente
poser fazer
police policia
pleurer chorar
perte perda
ouvrir abrir
oublie esqueça
obscurité escuridão
navire navio
nancy nancy
messieurs cavalheiros
maxim maxim
malheureusement infelizmente
liste lista
larry larry
kevin kevin
joueurs jogadores
immédiatement imediatamente
horrible horrível
harding harding
grievous grievous
failli quase
espèce espécie
espace espaço
entrée entrada
ennemi inimigo
donnie donnie
destruction destruição
détails detalhes
corps corpos
continuez continue
contact contato
comprends entende
choses coisa
choisir escolher
chevaliers cavaleiros
chanson canção
camion caminhão
beaucoup muitas
bénisse abençoe
avais estava
aurais deveria
attendez esperem
ambassadeur embaixador
américains americanos
affaire negócio
white white
wallaby wallaby
victoire vitória
viande carne
vampires vampiros
vacances férias
tribu tribo
tommy tommy
terrible terrível
tellement tanto
symbole símbolo
suffit chega
siècles séculos
service favor
sache saiba
risque risco
ridicule ridículo
retour volta
requin tubarão
record recorde
prison cadeia
pression pressão
position posição
poitrine peito
pitié piedade
petal petal
personnel pessoal
personnage personagem
penses pensa
parrish parrish
nerveux nervoso
nation nação
nager nadar
mordu mordido
monte entre
message recado
mensonges mentiras
menace ameaça
meilleurs melhores
martiens marcianos
mérite merece
mémoire memória
maharadjah marajá
magnéto magneto
lively lively
laisse deixa
jardin jardim
james james
indépendance independência
howard howard
honte vergonha
heureux felizes
harris harris
garner garner
génie gênio
fumer fumar
finale final
ferai farei
existence existência
excellent excelente
essaye tentando
drogue drogas
doucement calma
diable diabo
devons precisamos
défense defesa
décision decisão
courtisane cortesã
copie cópia
compris entendeu
collègues colegas
cohen cohen
civilisation civilização
charlotte charlotte
chanson música
chambre câmara
celui aquele
cauchemar pesadelo
brown brown
autant tanto
attention atenção
étaient estavam
article artigo
arrive acontece
arbres árvores
araignées aranhas
appelle chame
angéla angela
amoureux apaixonado
américaine americana
allemands alemães
allegra allegra
alignement alinhamento
aimerais queria
accord claro
voulons queremos
voudrais quero
voudrais queria
vieux velhos
vieil velho
verre bebida
venez vamos
unité unidade
terry terry
témoin testemunha
susan susan
stylo caneta
sirius sirius
secrète secreta
samuel samuel
salut salvação
retourne volte
restaurant restaurante
rencontrer conhecer
rappelles lembra
raccoon racoon
presse imprensa
poser perguntar
portefeuille carteira
pirate pirata
personnelle pessoal
pense pense
pensées pensamentos
parlez falando
offre oferta
officier oficial
occasion oportunidade
nuits noites
nouvelles notícias
niveau nível
nettoyer limpar
nageoire barbatana
moyen maneira
million milhão
miles milhas
merrin merrin
merrill merrill
menteur mentiroso
membres membros
marche funciona
malicia vampira
lycans lobisomens
lumières luzes
laissé deixou
légende lenda
kraven kraven
kelly kelly
inquiétez preocupe
information informação
infection infecção
imaginer imaginar
ginzo ginzo
gabriel gabriel
flingueur matador
finir terminar
fallait precisava
führer führer
expliquer explicar
ensuite então
ennemis inimigos
enfant filho
ecoute escute
durden durden
disparu desapareceu
deuxième segundo
dedans dentro
curran curran
coupable culpado
cotton cotton
contrôler controlar
constantine constantine
confiance confie
commun comum
coffre malas
clinique clínica
classe classe
chevaux cavalos
cheval cavalo
chemin caminho
chaussures sapatos
chaud quente
candidat candidato
caméra câmera
calme calmo
bizarre esquisito
begbie begble
bateaux barcos
baiser foder
avait estava
attends esperando
attendez espera
aquarium aquário
amusant divertido
amené trouxe
alonzo alonzo
albert albert
aimais gostava
affaires coisas
adresse endereço
voulez quiser
voilier barco
vivants vivos
vient acabou
viens acabei
vendredi sexta
tyrell tyrell
trouvé achou
trous buracos
travail trabalhar
travaille trabalha
survivre sobreviver
soirée noite
silent silent
serviette toalha
secteur setor
science ciência
sauvé salvou
saladin saladin
retourne voltar
reeves reeves
réveiller acordar
réponses respostas
propos sobre
prochain próximo
pouvez podem
pouvais podia
pourrais podia
poésie poesia
pneus pneus
pluie chuva
place espaço
piano piano
pettigrow pettigrew
petite garota
patches patches
pasteur pastor
parler falando
parlé falei
parfait ótimo
péchés pecados
ouvert abriu
orange laranja
ombre sombra
navorski navorski
morty morty
morts morreram
moment agora
mienne minha
merci graças
menteuse mentirosa
marre cansado
marina marina
marie marie
marcher andar
magnifique magnífico
magie magia
madame madame
livres libras
journaux jornais
journal jornal
joseph joseph
jamais sempre
intéresse interessado
importance importa
impair ímpar
images imagens
helsing helsing
hélicoptère helicóptero
grande maior
gordon gordon
franklin franklin
fonds exterior
folie loucura
faisons vamos
faible fraco
essaie tente
entends ouvir
droits direitos
doute dúvida
docteur médico
dernière passada
danse dança
dallas dallas
débat debate
curiosité curiosidade
courir correr
continuez continuem
conneries merda
concert concerto
comprends compreendo
cleveland cleveland
cinglé louco
choisi escolhi
cherche procuro
chemise camisa
certaines algumas
centre shopping
caroline caroline
bouteille garrafa
belle bonita
beauté beleza
battre lutar
baleine baleia
étoiles estrelas
étiez estava
étage andar
arriver chegar
arrêtez parem
appelé ligou
épouse esposa
anges anjos
america america
alors quando
allez venha
alice alice
aimait amava
ailleurs lugar
aider ajuda
aguila aguia
agent oficial
écrit escrevi
witwer witwer
vomir vomitar
voleur ladrão
victimes vítimas
vengeance vingança
vendu vendeu
vendre vender
vêtements roupas
urgence emergência
université faculdade
unique único
troisième terceiro
tortues tartarugas
tomber esqueça
testicules testículos
terminé acabou
ténèbres trevas
témoins testemunhas
sydney sydney
suspect suspeito
suivant próximo
sports sports
souvenir lembrança
singes macacos
shooter shooter
serviteur servo
seront serão
selon acordo
secrets secreta
sebastian sebastian
samnang samnang
sabre espada
sable areia
rouge vermelho
roark roark
revenu voltei
retard atrasar
restez fiquem
responsable responsável
responsabilité responsabilidade
ratched ratched
résultats resultados
rappelle lembro
ramener levar
quarantaine quarentena
psychiatre psiquiatra
promis prometo
préfère prefiro
powell powell
pourrait poderíamos
pourrait podemos
poche bolso
plaisante brincando
petit garoto
petite pequeno
patience paciência
partons vamos
partir partir
partir embora
parker parker
parie aposto
ouverte aberta
opération operação
oiseau pássaro
occupé ocupado
nouveaux novos
nourriture comida
nager nadando
murdock murdock
montre relógio
miracle milagre
merveilleuse maravilhosa
marteau martelo
mangé comeu
maisons casas
maestro maestro
lundi segunda
longue longa
larmes lágrimas
lance lança
knoxville knoxville
jones jones
jedusor riddle
jamais jamais
internet internet
inquiéter preocupar
histoires histórias
héroïne heroína
forts fortes
floride flórida
fermer fechar
ferme fazenda
favell favell
faisons fazemos
excité empolgado
exact certo
erreur engano
envoyé mandou
environnement ambiente
enquête investigação
encore agora
dwight dwight
duryea duryea
doute duvido
dirais diria
différents diferentes
dernière último
détruite destruída
désert deserto
danny danny
déesse deusa
décidé decidi
crois creio
crois acredita
croire acredito
croft croft
crédit crédito
crack crack
course corrida
courrier correio
courage coragem
colonel coronel
collines colinas
clair claro
chair carne
cette naquela
camps campos
cacher esconder
buggit buggit
boulot emprego
bonheur felicidade
boire beber
black black
bibliothèque biblioteca
évolution evolução
avoir haver
attraper pegar
éternelle eterna
assez chega
arrivera acontecer
appris ensinou
épouser casar
anglais inglês
angela angela
anderson anderson
allemagne alemanha
alibi álibi
aidan aidan
acheté comprou
voyons vamos
voulez querem
voulais quero
voisins vizinhos
voilà agora
vogons vogons
virus vírus
violette violeta
villes cidades
université universidade
umbrella umbrella
trahi traiu
trahison traição
talent talento
svenning svenning
survie sobrevivência
surtout especialmente
suppose suponho
stupide idiota
signifie significa
serpent cobra
serais estaria
serai serei
selene selene
séquence modelo
route estrada
restez fique
respirer respirar
requins tubarões
renfield renfield
rencontré conheceu
relation relação
regardez vejam
regardez olhem
recherche procurando
raymond raymond
réunion reunião
république república
rappelez lembra
quand assim
puissance poder
public público
protection proteção
produit produto
problèmes problema
preuves provas
prendre tirar
pouvait poderia
pleure chore
plastique plástico
plantes plantas
plaît gosto
pierre pedro
pièce quarto
photo fotografia
penses pensando
pensent acham
passe havendo
partis foram
parlent falam
parlé contou
paradis paraíso
papier papel
panique pânico
occupe cuido
numéro telefone
normalité normalidade
noire negra
nièce sobrinha
napoléon napoleão
mystère mistério
mitch mitch
million milhões
milliards bilhões
meurtres assassinatos
merveilleux maravilhoso
merde maldição
merci valeu
menti mentiu
mensonge mentira
métro metrô
mètres metros
marquez márquez
marlin marlin
mariachi mariachi
margaret margaret
manqué falta
malcolm malcolm
médicaments remédios
lendemain seguinte
lawrence lawrence
largeman largeman
lakeview lakeview
laissé deixei
kavula kavula
juste justo
jimmy jimmy
invité convidado
innocents inocentes
industrie indústria
indices pistas
indice pista
imbécile idiota
hiver inverno
himmler himmler
guéri curado
grosse grande
genre assim
garçon menino
gamin criança
foutre foder
fortune fortuna
floride florida
ferais faria
favorite favorite
fatigué cansado
famille familia
excuses desculpas
elektra elektra
edward edward
drôle graça
dooku dookan
dobby dobby
disons digamos
disais disse
directeur diretor
devrait deveríamos
deviner adivinhar
dernières últimas
dentiste dentista
demande pergunte
déteste odeio
danser dançar
démons demônios
crois pensa
croûtard perebas
cousine prima
couloir corredor
corps costas
copain namorado
connard idiota
connaît conhece
collection coleção
colère raiva
chrétiens cristãos
chance oportunidade
champion campeão
ceinture cinto
cartel cartel
candy candy
caméras câmeras
cadillac cadillac
bunny bunny
bulles bolinhas
besoin precisam
berkeley berkeley
ballons bolas
avocats advogados
aventure aventura
attendre esperando
attendais esperava
étrange estranha
étoiles estelar
arrivé chegou
arbre árvore
appelait chamava
animal animal
angeles angeles
amateur amador
alors agora
allemand alemão
élection eleição
aimais amava
afrique áfrica
affaires negócio
échange troca
absolument absolutamente
yorker yorker
weasley weasley
voyez vendo
venus vieram
venise veneza
venez venham
vampire vampiro
usine fábrica
types caras
troupes tropas
transylvanie transilvânia
transformer transformar
tragédie tragédia
toutes todos
toulouse toulouse
toujours continua
touchez toque
toucher tocar
tornade tempestade
toots toots
tokyo tóquio
tirer atirar
tiens peguei
tetsuya tetsuya
terrain quadra
tanaka tanaka
taille tamanho
sympa legal
super legal
sparrow sparrow
sourire sorriso
sinon senão
singe macaco
signe sinal
signer assinar
sibel sibel
shellie shelley
shagal shagal
seule único
serais teria
secrets segredos
scanlon scanlon
scène palco
savon sabão
sœurs irmãs
sénat senado
sainteté santidade
sacrifice sacrifício
revenez volte
retour voltar
reste sobrou
rentré chegou
regrette sinto
réponds responda
répète repito
raisons razões
raconter contar
quincey quincy
questions pergunta
qualité qualidade
prophétie profecia
promis prometeu
prisonniers prisioneiros
princesse princesa
possible puder
portail portal
policier policial
poisson peixes
points pontos
poinçon picador
poches bolsos
plomb chumbo
pizza pizza
piston pistão
petits pequenos
personnellement pessoalmente
pense pensando
pense pensa
pensé pensou
passé passou
passé houve
partout parte
partenaire parceiro
parles falar
pareil mesmo
orlean orlean
organisme organismo
opérateur operador
océan oceano
nouveau novamente
nonce núncio
noble nobre
neveu sobrinho
naruto naruto
musicien tocador
moments momentos
ministre ministro
miles miles
meurtrier assassino
meurt morre
mettre colocar
menottes algemas
métal metal
marvin marvin
marquez marquez
mariée casada
manière maneira
mammon mamon
malgré apesar
médicaments remédio
lionel lionel
lettre carta
large large
lapin coelhinho
julie julie
joyau tesouro
jolie bonita
japanese japonês
jalousie ciúme
invisible invisível
investir investir
intelligence inteligência
institut instituto
instant instante
inquiète preocupada
impressionnant impressionante
identité identidade
hollywood hollywood
harold harold
grâce graças
gorge garganta
gagner vencer
gagnant vencedor
frigo geladeira
frangin irmão
foule multidão
flics policiais
finir acabar
finie acabou
fille mulher
fiancé noivo
fascinant fascinante
familles famílias
façon forma
essayé tentou
ennuis problemas
enchanté prazer
droit direto
doute provavelmente
dingue loucura
devrait devia
devons devemos
devoir dever
devenir tornar
desole desculpe
dennis dennis
davis davis
darla darla
darko darko
démocratie democracia
découvrir descobrir
débarrasser livrar
crumb crumb
criminel criminoso
créature criatura
costume terno
conversation conversa
connard imbecil
confiance confia
comprenez entendeu
compassion compaixão
commence começa
combat combate
cimetière cemitério
chevron símbolo
cheveux cabelos
chère querida
chances chances
chaleur calor
cercueil caixão
cents cêntimos
celle aquela
cauchemars pesadelos
candidat concorrendo
célèbre famoso
cahit cahit
cabine cabine
bouffe comida
blessé ferido
bienvenue vindo
bession bession
becca becca
bâtiment prédio
bataille batalha
basilic basilisco
baltimore baltimore
balles balas
baleine baleianês
autour redor
étude estudo
attendais esperando
étions estávamos
étais estive
étais esteve
assistant assistente
assis sentado
arrive chegando
appelle chama
appartient pertence
angel angei
amelia amelia
écrit escrevendo
éclipse eclipse
acide ácido
échapper escapar
accepter aceitar
accès acesso
william william
warren warren
vraie verdadeira
vivre morar
vivent vivem
village aldeia
vieux amigo
vieille velha
victor victor
verre drinque
venir vindo
valse valsa
ultime fundamental
turkaniens turkana
trouvé encontramos
troisième terceira
travaille trabalhando
travail emprego
tortue tartaruga
times times
texas texas
terrestres alienígenas
terminée acabou
tendu tenso
température temperatura
techniquement tecnicamente
télévision televisão
têtes cabeças
suggère sugiro
suffit basta
sucre açúcar
stupide estúpida
sport esporte
spécialiste especialista
spécial especial
sombre escuro
soirée festa
sitar cítara
signez assine
shinkichi shinkichi
shell shell
shérif xerife
servir servir
second segundo
scott scott
scientifique cientista
savoir descobrir
saviez sabia
série série
sandy sandy
salaire salário
saint santo
saigne sangrando
sachant sabendo
roberta roberta
riley riley
revenir voltar
retraite pensão
retard atraso
reposer descansar
rentrer voltar
religion religião
regardé olhou
révolution revolução
rappeler lembrar
rapidement rápido
réparer consertar
randy randy
quoyle quoyles
quezada quesada
putes putas
prudent cuidado
protège protege
propre limpo
promotion promoção
producteur produtor
procès julgamento
principes princípios
présence presença
préféré preferido
pourrait poderia
poupée boneca
portable celular
pologne polônia
poisson peixinho
plutôt muito
plancton plankton
planètes planetas
pitié favor
piste pista
pilules pílulas
pierre pedra
permission permissão
perdu perdemos
pensées mente
paulson paulsen
pathétique patético
partez queimada
parlons falar
parlais falando
paris apostas
parfaite perfeita
pareil mesma
pâques páscoa
ouvrez abram
ouest oeste
oubliez esqueça
oublié esquecido
oublié esqueceu
origine origem
opinion opinião
objectif objetivo
nazis nazistas
nazareth nazaré
navré sinto
naturel natural
négatif negativo
naccios natchios
mutation mutação
mutant mutante
motel motel
monter subir
monde gente
minute pouco
miguel miguel
meurent morrem
mentir mentir
menti menti
martin martin
marche funcionando
manque falta
manny manny
mange comer
mandat mandato
malédiction maldição
major major
maire prefeito
maggie maggie
lycan lobisomem
luthor luthor
lucille lucille
longue longo
longtemps atrás
limites limites
lever levantar
lesbienne lésbica
leçon lição
lapin coelho
laisse deixar
lâche covarde
kuchinawa kuchinawa
krunch krunch
katherine katherine
journaliste jornalista
jouer tocar
jeudi quinta
jesse jesse
jefferson jefferson
jambes pernas
jalousie ciúmes
issue saída
intelligente inteligente
intérieur interior
inquiète preocupado
indestructiboy gurincrível
improbabilité improbabilidade
impossible possível
imaginez imagine
houlihan houlihan
honnête honesto
homme pessoa
hoberman hoberman
hazel hazel
graham graham
gould gould
globecom globecom
gardes guardas
garder ficar
génération geração
galactique mochileiro
fouilles escavação
forte forte
formulaire formulário
fille garotinha
fibre integridade
fermez feche
faveur favor
fauteuil cadeira
fasse fazer
faisait estava
excusez licença
essayer experimentar
esquiver esquivar
esprit espírito
espion espião
esclave escravo
envoyer mandar
environ cerca
envie vontade
entrez entrem
entre entrar
entraînement treinamento
entier inteiro
enseigner ensinar
emploi emprego
eminence eminência
eckhart eckhart
droïdes dróides
doucement devagar
divorce divórcio
disais dizendo
dirai direi
dingue louco
différente diferente
diable demônio
devriez devia
devriez deveria
dernier passado
dernière ultima
dernièrement ultimamente
demande perguntar
debout levanta
désir desejo
désastre desastre
darwin darwin
daredevil demolidor
débile idiota
cristaux cristais
créer criar
crabbe crabbe
couper cortar
coupé cortou
contraire contrário
content contente
connu conheci
connell conneii
confiance confio
conduire dirigir
comprends percebo
comprends entendeu
complètement totalmente
complètement completamente
communauté comunidade
commence começando
comme igual
coincé preso
citron limão
citoyens cidadãos
chuck chuck
christian christian
chocolat chocolate
chevalier cavaleiro
cherches procurando
chercher procurando
chaos destruição
chanceux sorte
champ campo
cette nessa
central central
cassie cassie
cassé quebrado
capable capaz
caisse carro
bunny coelhinha
brésil brasil
bishop bishop
beethoven beethoven
beeman beeman
beaucoup muitos
balance equilíbrio
bagnole carro
avions aviões
avant frente
évaluation avaliação
avaient tinham
autorité autoridade
autorisation autorização
aurai terei
auparavant antes
attends espero
attend espera
étoile estrela
arrive vindo
arrive acontecendo
arrivé houve
équilibre equilíbrio
apporté trouxe
appellent chamam
appelle ligue
appelle chamo
appelez ligue
énorme grande
annie annie
anglais ingleses
angie angie
amoureuse apaixonada
amelie amélia
amants amantes
alliance aliança
électricité eletricidade
aires aires
aimerais adoraria
admire admiro
admettre admitir
écouter ouvir
écoute ouvir
accord concordo
zyklon zyklon
yoine yoine
winesap winesap
whisky uísque
wavey wavey
voyons vejamos
voyage viajar
voulu queria
voulez queres
voisin vizinho
voilà pronto
visite visitar
vision visão
vierge virgem
vient vindo
vienne viena
veste casaco
verte verde
veatch veatch
véritable verdadeiro
vérifier verificar
vérifier checar
vaisseaux naves
véhicule veículo
tueront matar
tucker tucker
trucs coisa
trouver descobrir
trouver arranjar
trouvé encontraram
trouvé encontrado
trish trish
trillian trillian
travailler trabalho
tranchee trincheira
tournoi torneio
tournoi abertura
totalement totalmente
torah torah
tirez atire
timide tímido
thérapie terapia
tetragrammaton tetragrammaton
terrien terráqueo
temps época
technique técnica
tarte torta
syndrome síndrome
symptôme sintoma
sympa divertido
suspects suspeitos
surtout principalmente
stone stone
spécial peculiar
souviendrai lembrarei
souvenirs memórias
souvenirs lembranças
souvenir lembrar
souffrir sofrer
sortez saiam
sorcier bruxo
soldats soldados
soldat soldado
solaire solar
smith smith
singer singer
signature assinatura
sharon sharon
sentinelles sentinelas
sentiments sentindo
scénario roteiro
savez saber
sauvé salvei
sûrement provavelmente
séparer separar
sands sands
sandman sandman
sanchez sánchez
saigner sangrar
sagesse sabedoria
sécurité salvo
saches saiba
russe russo
roosevelt roosevelt
romains romanos
rochers rochas
rituel ritual
rires sorrisos
richie richie
riccardo riccardo
retrouver encontrar
retraite aposentado
retard atrasada
rester fique
ressentir sentir
ressentez sente
ressemble parece
repos descanso
repas refeição
rentre voltar
rentrer entrar
rencontrer encontrar
relation relacionamento
regarde olhada
recherche pesquisa
réveillé acordado
rappeler ligar
répondez responda
ramone ramon
régler resolver
réfléchis pense
réfléchir pensar
quitté deixou
quelque algum
pyramide pirâmide
putain droga
puissante poderosa
prozium prozium
professeur professora
proche próximo
procédure tratamento
prison preso
presidente presidente
prends pegar
prendre levar
premières primeiras
prévision antevisão
présidence presidência
présenter apresentar
pouvait podia
pleurs choros
pleure choro
plein monte
pleine cheia
plein cheio
peuple gente
petit rapaz
petit criança
perds perdendo
pensent pensam
pense acredito
pensais pensava
pensé achei
peche peach
pearl pearl
passion paixão
parti vamos
parti partido
parler dizer
parle conversar
périmètre perímetro
paraît parece
panier cesto
palais palácio
pages páginas
pédophile pedófilo
oxygène oxigênio
ouvre abrir
ouvert aberto
ordonne ordena
ordinateurs computadores
okinawa okinawa
occuper conta
objections objeções
normaux normais
noirs negros
nichons seios
nevada nevada
nerds nerds
national nacional
nairobi nairobi
muscles músculos
mouchoir lenço
mordu mordeu
mondiale mundial
mollusque molusco
mississippi mississipi
mills mills
meurt morrer
mettez ponha
mcmillan mcmillan
mccabe mccabe
maximum máximo
métier trabalho
matheson matheson
métaphore metáfora
massacre massacre
mariés casados
marché funcionou
manderley manderley
malin esperto
malades doentes
magique mágica
mademoiselle senhorita
lumière luzes
logique lógica
lincoln lincoln
liebling liebling
leucémie leucemia
letterman letterman
leader líder
laisser deixado
laisserai deixar
lafours lafours
krispity krispity
kidman kidman
kenobi kenobi
kenneth kenneth
julius julius
joueur jogador
jeffries jeffries
japon japão
inventé inventou
intelligent inteligente
intéressante interessante
instant minuto
informer informar
infirmière enfermeira
infirmerie enfermaria
illégal ilegal
hostilité hostilidade
heureusement sorte
haywood haywood
grave sério
grave problema
grave importa
grandes grandes
goyle goyle
gosses filhos
gloire glória
georgetown georgetown
gérant gerente
gants luvas
générateur gerador
gagné ganhou
gagné ganhei
france frança
français franceses
foutue maldita
foutre merda
foutez fazendo
forêt floresta
flotte frota
flics polícia
finit termina
final final
fille fiiha
fibres fibras
fermez fechem
ferme feche
felix félix
fatiguée cansada
fantastique fantástico
fanning fanning
faits feitas
faites preocupe
faites fazer
faire fazendo
extrêmement extremamente
exact mesmo
essence gasolina
essaye tente
espèces espécies
espèce filho
entendu ouviram
entends ouviu
enfoiré desgraçado
enfance infância
encore outra
emmerde foder
emmène levar
elizabeth elizabeth
effort esforço
drogues drogas
droïde andróide
document documento
dites dizendo
disparu sumiu
disait dizia
disais dissesse
dirait diria
dieux deuses
diamants diamantes
devrais devesse
devenu ficou
derrière fundos
demande perguntando
demandé perguntou
deckard deckard
debra debra
déteste odeia
détective detetive
désolée lamento
dangereux perigosos
défendre defender
décider decidir
décembre dezembro
début início
curieux curioso
cruel cruel
croit acredita
crimes crimes
crétin idiota
cours curso
coupe campeonato
copine garota
continue continua
construction construção
conneries besteira
connaissais conhecia
confiture geléia
confidentiel confidencial
concentration concentração
compte importa
compris percebi
compris entendido
compris entendi
comprenez entende
complexe complexo
combattre lutar
cicatrice cicatriz
choix opção
chiffres dígitos
chercher procura
chauffeur motorista
chase chase
charlie chariie
chaque todas
chapeau chapéu
chansons músicas
chacun todos
chaco chaco
certains algumas
cents centavos
celui qualquer
cellulaire celular
carroll carroll
candidate concorrente
calme relaxe
californie califórnia
cadeaux presentes
brian brian
bouton botão
bourse bolsa
bouquin livro
boston boston
boire tomar
bleus azuis
blancs brancos
bibicy beeblebrox
besoin precise
avoue admite
avait tivesse
audience audiência
étudier estudar
étudiants estudantes
attrape pegue
atrocités atrocidades
atmosphère atmosfera
assurance seguro
associé sócio
ashford ashford
arrive chegar
arriéré retardado
équipier parceiro
appelles chama
appelle chamar
appelez chame
appel chamada
appelé liguei
appelé chamou
apparemment aparentemente
épouse mulher
énorme enorme
angle ângulo
amuser divertir
amusant engraçado
émotions emoções
émotion emoção
american american
amener trazer
amber amber
amanda amanda
alfred alfred
aimer gostar
agnis agnis
affronter enfrentar
écoles escolas
échoué falhou
abandonner desistir
