warum hvorfor
vielleicht kanskje
immer alltid
forrest forrest
morgen morgen
würde ville
zurück tilbake
charlie charlie
paris paris
kommt kommer
harold harold
reden snakke
thomas thomas
wollte ville
hatte hadde
nichts ingenting
helfen hjelpe
wieder igjen
abend kveld
lange lenge
jenny jenny
david david
keine ingen
doktor doktor
dachte trodde
schon igjen
später senere
hallo hallo
leben livet
besser bedre
anderen andre
brauche trenger
bitte snill
vivien vivien
onkel onkel
faith faith
bruder broren
viele mange
monsieur monsieur
wusste visste
niemand ingen
minuten minutter
hoffe håper
freunde venner
lieutenant løytnant
könnte kunne
wieso hvorfor
helena helene
andere andre
kommen kommer
getan gjort
fertig ferdig
sprechen snakke
moses moses
mädchen jente
könig kongen
einzige eneste
brauchen trenger
verstehe forstår
alice alice
peter peter
kaffee kaffe
vater faren
unter under
schwester søsteren
liebe elsker
kenne kjenner
dieser denne
sicher sikker
dachte tenkte
wieder tilbake
polizei politiet
mutter moren
krieg krigen
harry harry
captain kaptein
nächste neste
meine mener
heißt heter
brandon brandon
allein alene
mädchen jenta
diese disse
blalock blalock
wirklich virkelig
troja troja
komme kommer
finden finne
tommy tommy
rosemary rosemary
konnte kunne
kommen komme
hause hjemme
gehört hørte
billy billy
zusammen sammen
phillip phillip
meinst mener
dieses denne
woher hvordan
töten drepe
passiert skjedde
mookie mookie
kennen kjenner
keinen ingen
genau akkurat
beste beste
monterey monterey
moment øyeblikk
machen gjøre
katsumoto katsumoto
hilfe hjelp
freund vennen
franks franks
bubba bubba
beide begge
vieiieicht kanskje
schwer vanskelig
ordnung orden
keiner ingen
felix felix
drink drink
armee hæren
wohnung leiligheten
verdammt pokker
stunden timer
simone simone
raymond raymond
herren herrer
foley foley
entschuldigen unnskyld
zwischen mellom
würden ville
trelkovsky trelkovsky
simon simon
miranda miranda
liebe kjærlighet
hätte skulle
gerade nettopp
frauen kvinner
essen middag
durch gjennom
diese denne
dewald dewald
brauchst trenger
bedeutet betyr
anders annerledes
victor victor
verzeihung unnskyld
sagen fortelle
roger roger
namen navnet
luther luther
kirche kirken
hände hendene
erste første
wichtig viktig
warten vente
sicher sikkert
schule skolen
rupert rupert
richard richard
reden snakker
meter meter
meinen mener
magst liker
heiße heter
hasse hater
hören hører
gemacht gjorde
finden finner
essen spise
erinnerst husker
baron baron
arbeite jobber
anderes annet
wilson wilson
willkommen velkommen
stolz stolt
shrimps reker
retten redde
niemals aldri
monate måneder
menelaos menelaos
mcciane mcciane
letzte siste
krankenhaus sykehuset
kaiser keiseren
küche kjøkkenet
hätte ville
hatten hadde
hörst hører
glück lykke
fragen spørre
erinnere husker
chance sjanse
augen øynene
zimmer rommet
wasser vannet
verstehst forstår
umbringen drepe
trinken drink
sollten burde
sergeant sersjant
problem problem
musik musikk
motta motta
jerry jerry
hektor hektor
haiio haiio
gefällt liker
frage spørsmål
diamanten diamantene
choule choule
chloe chloe
braucht trenger
beamte offiserer
anderen annen
abend kveid
zuerst først
wartet venter
wünschte ønske
vorsichtig forsiktig
vietnam vietnam
uribe uribe
tisch bordet
street street
stimmt stemmer
sally sally
reden prate
radio radio
prinz prins
natürlich selvfølgelig
musste måtte
kinder unger
königin dronningen
japan japan
james james
graham graham
frank frank
familie familien
familie familie
entschuldigung unnskyld
dollar dollar
diesen denne
danny danny
cromwell cromwell
charles charles
champagner champagne
alabama alabama
aigren algren
ägypten egypt
wohnung leilighet
wahrheit sannheten
vielen mange
urlaub ferie
träume drømmer
telefon telefonen
tagen dager
sitzen sitte
señor señor
schwarz svart
schreiben skrive
schatz kjære
schön vakker
richtig riktig
pablo pablo
oscar oscar
omura omura
nummer nummer
norman norman
nacht kveld
monat måned
marco marco
möglich mulig
liter iiter
kleine lille
klappe kjeft
jupiter jupiter
janet janet
himmel himmelen
heiraten gifte
harper harper
glücklich lykkelig
gerade akkurat
freiheit frihet
erklären forklare
erinnern husker
england england
detroit detroit
beverly beverly
arbeit arbeidet
achilleus akilles
world wonderworld
woodhouse woodhouse
vielen tusen
versuche prøver
verstehen forstå
teufel pokker
spielen spille
solltest burde
schwöre sverger
schicksal skjebne
schatz elskling
redest snakker
rechte høyre
links venstre
letzten siste
kinder barna
kentley kentley
körper kroppen
jungs gutter
helfen hjelp
hätte hadde
gleich straks
gefunden funnet
freunde vennene
devereaux devereaux
deshalb derfor
denke tenker
damen damer
brüder brødre
bohnen bønner
besten beste
arbeit jobben
wusstest visste
welche hvilken
weiter fortsett
würdest ville
verstehen forstår
tochter datter
timmons timmons
töten dreper
sollte skulle
sinkend nærmer
selbstmord selvmord
schwert sverdet
sängerin sanger
roman roman
respekt respekt
rechts høyre
parra parra
onkel onkelen
nigger niggere
natürlich selvsagt
meisten fleste
margaret margaret
mörder morder
manchmal ganger
madame madame
lonnegan lonnegan
kenneth kenneth
könnten kunne
kalifornien california
josua josva
jessica jessica
hutch hutch
hooker hooker
hills hills
henderson henderson
gesicht ansiktet
general general
gemacht gjort
gefährlich farlig
fragen spørsmål
eifersüchtig sjalu
drüben borte
deutschen tyskerne
darum derfor
chicago chicago
blumen blomster
bücher bøkene
andré andré
wolsey wolsey
wolltest ville
willen skyld
wiiikommen veikommen
wiedersehen farvel
wette vedder
waffen våpen
verstanden forstått
vergessen glemt
sonst ellers
seltsam merkelig
sekunden sekunder
segne velsigne
schweigen stillhet
schuldig skyldig
scheiße helvete
salvy salvy
ruhig slapp
rosewood rosewood
rafael rafael
problem problemet
platz plass
perfekt perfekt
passiert skjer
palast palasset
nathan nathan
murdoch murdoch
minnie minnie
menschen mennesker
margot margot
major major
louis louis
lieber kjære
liebe kjære
klasse klasse
kennst kjenner
kaufen kjøpe
kanzler kansler
königs kongens
königin dronning
jarré jarre
hoheit høyhet
heißt betyr
hawaii hawaii
hätte kunne
hörte hørte
hände hender
grissom grissom
getan gjorde
gesetz loven
furchtbar forferdelig
frances frances
frühstück frokost
finde synes
feiix feiix
einzigen eneste
eddie eddie
diesem dette
dachten trodde
besuch besøk
bücher bøker
anrufen ringe
amerika amerika
witzig morsomt
wirklich egentlig
weißt husker
weißen hvite
warte venter
wagen bilen
vickie vickie
vertrauen stole
verloren mistet
verkaufen selge
vergessen glemme
verdienen tjene
verdammt helvete
trinken drikke
telegramm telegram
teiefon teiefonen
taussig taussig
stella stella
stark sterk
sprach snakket
sparta sparta
solange lenge
sephora sippora
schwester søster
schwert sverd
schlimmer verre
schläft sover
scheiße pokker
satan satan
rachel rachel
pferd hesten
party selskap
party festen
normal normalt
nacht natten
mensch menneske
meint mener
master mester
masse massene
majestät majestet
letzter siste
lehrer lærer
länger lenger
labor laboratoriet
kusenov kusenov
kunst kunst
keine slapp
könig konge
kananga kananga
jesus jesus
gorilla gorillaen
françois françois
fisher fisher
fenster vinduet
fahren kjøre
fühle føler
europa europa
erzählt fortalte
ellis ellis
donnerstag torsdag
deswegen derfor
bombe bomben
blind blind
batman batman
armer stakkars
ärger problemer
überall overalt
wussten visste
wunderbar flott
wollte prøvde
wayne wayne
warten venter
wüsste visste
würde skulle
versucht prøvd
versuchen prøver
verhaftet arrestert
taggart taggart
staatssekretär sekretær
sollte burde
soldaten soldater
soiitaire soiitaire
sheriff sheriff
schrecklich fryktelig
schießt skyter
schönheit skjønnhet
sapirstein sapirstein
samurai samurai
samstag lørdag
roper roper
präsident president
ordnung greit
nachricht beskjed
nachbarn naboene
monaten måneder
maude maude
mädchen jenter
mädchen jentene
machte gjorde
müssen trenger
louise louise
little lille
liebt elsker
lernen treffe
kontakt kontakt
kassandra kassandra
jackson jackson
interessiert interessert
hyatt hyatt
hotei hoteiiet
hopkins hopkins
henry henry
halte holder
grund grunn
golightly golightly
getötet drepte
getötet drept
geschäft forretning
gerettet reddet
george george
geheiratet giftet
fremden fremmede
francisco francisco
finde finner
feind fiende
erzähl fortell
erlöser frelseren
draußen utenfor
denken tenke
daddy faren
college college
bring dreper
bombe bombe
bezahlt betalt
bereit klare
baron baronen
baker baker
antwort svaret
amerikaner amerikanerne
amerikaner amerikanere
aicatraz aicatraz
zurück tiibake
zurückkommen tilbake
zukunft fremtiden
zimmermann snekker
wunderbar fantastisk
wollten ville
william william
weniger mindre
weile stund
washington washington
warum hvordan
waffe pistolen
vieie mange
verstehe skjønner
trinken drikker
topas topaz
tokio tokyo
tochter datteren
tiger tiger
sunshine sunshine
stock etasje
stark sterke
sprengstoff sprengstoffet
spanien spania
sonntag søndag
sofort straks
sobald snart
skinny skinny
sister søster
schwierig vanskelig
schlüssel nøkkelen
schön hyggelig
ramses ramses
pulmonalarterie lungearterien
priamos priamos
prentiss prentiss
passiert hendte
passiert hendt
partner partner
norfolk norfolk
nervös nervøs
nennen kaller
nehme antar
nächsten neste
morris morris
morgen morges
mochte likte
minute minutt
michèle michele
melvin melvin
matthew matthew
machst driver
lunge lungene
longmire longmire
linke venstre
kraler kraler
klingt høres
kennt kjenner
kellnerin servitør
könntest kunne
iiebe eisker
hotel hotell
holen hente
herausfinden finne
hasst hater
hamilton hamilton
große store
greenbow greenbow
größte største
gordon gordon
gondorff gondorff
gleich snart
gesprochen snakket
gerne gjerne
gentlemen herrer
generai general
genau stemmer
gekommen kommet
gefragt spurte
gefallen tjeneste
frauen koner
frankreich frankrike
essen maten
erwachsen voksen
erinnern huske
einander hverandre
doris doris
donald donald
direktor inspektøren
dieses dette
denken tenker
daddy daddy
butts butts
birdy birdy
biock biokka
bezahlen betale
beides begge
befehl ordre
bayou bayou
arbeiten jobbe
angenehm hyggelig
angeles angeles
anfang begynnelsen
amsterdam amsterdam
aeneas eneas
zigarette sigarett
zigaretten sigaretter
zeugen vitner
wunder mirakel
wollte skulle
winter vinteren
willow willow
wildwood wildwood
wiederhole gjentar
welcher hvilken
welche hvilke
weiße hvite
warne advarer
walter walter
wachsen vokser
wüste ørkenen
vorsicht forsiktig
verstehst skjønner
verspreche lover
vergeben tilga
verändert forandret
unfall ulykke
unfall uhell
tucson tucson
trink drikk
träumen drømmer
torrance torrance
titel tittelen
teufel helvete
teufei heivete
termin avtale
tanaka tanaka
sturm stormen
studieren studere
spiel spill
smiley smiley
sitzt sitter
singen synge
sicher selvfølgelig
schwimmen svømme
schoss skjøt
schon allerede
schlimmste verste
schlecht dårlig
schlafzimmer soverommet
schläfst sover
schlüssel nøkkel
schiff skipet
scheiße dritt
saxon saxon
saleem saleem
russischer russisk
russen russerne
rosie rosie
riecht lukter
reicht holder
reicher rikere
probleme problemer
probiem probiem
pharao farao
pelagos pelagos
passiert skjedd
passierte skjedde
partner partneren
papst paven
papillon papillon
osato osato
ordnung ålreit
ohren ørene
nicole nicole
nennt kaller
nennen kalle
napier napier
nachgedacht tenkt
musst trenger
mittwoch onsdag
mexiko mexico
mayor ordfører
mörder morderen
mögen liker
mädels jenter
macht evnen
lrving lrving
liebst elsker
leute mennesker
kuwait kuwait
krankenhaus sykehus
kraft styrke
kontrolle kontroll
kommst kommer
komisch morsomt
koffer kofferten
knopf knappen
kinder ungene
keiner lngen
karten kortene
körper kropp
kamera kameraet
kakao kakao
küssen kysse
jordan jordan
jedenfalls iallfall
jedem hvert
isabel isabel
iange ienge
hunger sulten
holly holly
hirnsperre hjernesperre
hexen hekser
heute kveld
herzen hjertet
herrn herren
helen helen
hättest kunne
hätte burde
halten holde
haben gjorde
gwendolyn gwendolyn
gouverneur guvernør
gewonnen vunnet
geschichte historie
geschäftsmann forretningsmann
geschafft klarte
gesagt fortalt
gerechtigkeit rettferdighet
gefiel likte
gedacht trodde
gebiet område
gauloises gauloises
göttin gudinne
freies fritt
ferien ferie
feinde fiender
fakten fakta
essen spiser
essen middagen
erwartet venter
ersten første
entweder enten
entschuldigung beklager
druck trykket
diesem denne
dathan datan
danken takke
clara clara
chariey chariey
cecily cecily
boden gulvet
beweisen bevise
besseres bedre
berthoid bertold
berühmt berømt
behalten beholde
beach beach
aufhören slutte
außer unntatt
athene atene
arbeitet jobber
arbeiten jobber
arbeit arbeid
aphrodite afrodite
andere annen
alter gamle
agentur byrået
adrian adrian
adresse adressen
überraschung overraskelse
