warum perché
danke grazie
nichts niente
alles tutto
vielleicht forse
immer sempre
gesagt detto
haben abbiamo
mutter madre
harold harold
scarlett rossella
angst paura
gesehen visto
vater padre
paris paride
glaube credo
etwas qualcosa
bitte prego
sagte detto
nacht notte
sheriff sheriff
lewis lewis
mädchen ragazza
cherry cherry
jetzt adesso
freund amico
müssen dobbiamo
krieg guerra
helena elena
besser meglio
ashley ashley
wieso perché
bruder fratello
batman batman
troja troia
niemand nessuno
maghan maghan
können possiamo
mutter mamma
morgen domani
wayne wayne
recht ragione
passiert successo
bitte favore
sterben morire
gehen andiamo
wasser acqua
wirklich davvero
monsieur monsieur
reden parlare
majestät maestà
freunde amici
frauen donne
verstehe capisco
draußen fuori
augen occhi
warte aspetta
sehen vedere
jemand qualcuno
getan fatto
wollte volevo
königin regina
felix felix
wahrheit verità
sicher sicuro
peter peter
junge ragazzo
harry harry
arbeit lavoro
hoffe spero
himmel cielo
stadt città
partner pardner
mamadi mamadi
macht potere
leute gente
wohnung appartamento
kenne conosco
haben hanno
bruce bruce
warum perchè
ripley ripley
gehört sentito
unser nostro
prinz principe
melanie melania
kaffee caffè
frank frank
woche settimana
wakhané wakhané
virge virginio
teufel diavolo
möchte voglio
kerfa kerfa
gehen andare
anderen altri
wissen sapere
tochter figlia
sprechen parlare
sphäre sfera
simone simone
könnte potrei
hilfe aiuto
gegen contro
eltern genitori
zimmer stanza
sofort subito
rumson rumson
rodeo rodeo
polizei polizia
palast palazzo
norman norman
moment momento
menelaos menelao
jessica jessica
wieder nuovo
unter sotto
trelkovsky trelkovsky
traum sogno
männer uomini
mädchen ragazze
kennst conosci
herren signori
guten buongiorno
glück fortuna
genug abbastanza
essen mangiare
erste prima
elizabeth elizabeth
buddy buddy
wollte voleva
sicher certo
schuld colpa
rafael rafael
natürlich certo
madam signora
liebe amore
kinder figli
kinder bambini
hektor ettore
geschichte storia
familie famiglia
wissen sappiamo
sagtest detto
dachte pensavo
abend stasera
wilkes wilkes
wiedersehen arrivederci
sayid sayid
pferd cavallo
oscar oscar
kommen venire
choule choule
butler butler
braucht bisogno
bereit pronto
ägypten egitto
zurück indietro
wusste sapevo
wilson wilson
verrückt pazzo
unsere nostri
shahdov shahdov
schlafen dormire
problem problema
meter metri
möchte vorrei
keiner nessuno
körper corpo
kapitän capitano
jemanden qualcuno
getötet ucciso
achilleus achille
vorbei finita
minuten minuti
melly melania
manchmal volte
leben vivere
kraler kraler
kleine piccola
jungs ragazzi
gotham gotham
gefahr pericolo
freiheit libertà
frage domanda
edward edward
dussel dussel
dieser questo
denkst pensi
denke penso
bevor prima
zusammen insieme
verloren perso
verdammt maledizione
trojaner troiani
telefon telefono
töten uccidere
tagen giorni
seele anima
schwöre giuro
schau guarda
rupert rupert
plackerei inferno
margot margot
lassen lasci
jerry jerry
insel isola
hamilton hamilton
griechen greci
feuer fuoco
engel angelo
einzige unica
diese questa
dachte credevo
annie annie
zurück tornare
zukunft futuro
wollen vuole
wissen sanno
warten aspettare
vielleicht magari
versprochen promesso
unser nostra
unsere nostre
sparta sparta
sklaven schiavi
sekunden secondi
schwester sorella
schicksal destino
sartorius sartorius
rhett rhett
reicht basta
party festa
letzte ultima
krankenhaus ospedale
küche cucina
josua giosuè
glücklich felice
gesehen vista
genau proprio
gefällt piace
ernst serio
erlöser salvatore
erinnerst ricordi
elgyn elgyn
damen signore
zimmer camera
winter inverno
wenigstens almeno
wartet aspettate
verzeihung scusi
verstehst capisci
soldaten soldati
sklavin schiava
sicher sicura
sehen vediamo
schwer difficile
paris parigi
moment attimo
madame madame
hinter dietro
hätte avrei
haben avete
geschenk regalo
frances frances
danny danny
anderes altro
amerika america
yankees nordisti
wochen settimane
wette scommetto
welche quale
wartet aspetta
vogel uccello
verstehen capire
verspreche prometto
trojaner troiano
stella stella
sephora ziporà
schnell presto
schönheit bellezza
schön bello
retten salvare
python pitone
priamos priamo
penang penang
niemanden nessuno
maude maude
macabee macabee
lasst lasciatemi
koumbi koumbi
kleid vestito
katze gatto
kassandra cassandra
kaiser imperatore
interessant interessante
heute stasera
hatte avevo
hörst senti
hallo salve
hölle inferno
grazia grazia
grace grace
glaubst credi
gibarjan ghibarian
fühle sento
doktor dottore
cromwell cromwell
christie christie
cherie cherie
chase chase
chanukka chanukah
brauche bisogno
bleiben rimanere
antwort risposta
annele annele
achtung attenzione
zuerst prima
zigarette sigaretta
yatabéré yatabéré
worte parole
wollen vogliamo
wisst sapete
willkommen benvenuto
wichtig importante
während mentre
würde farei
vergessen dimenticato
unterschied differenza
torrance torrance
tiere animali
suchen cercando
stark forte
somoza somoza
sollte dovrei
snaut snaut
selbstmord suicidio
schule scuola
schlangen serpenti
scheiße merda
schön bella
reden parliamo
recht diritto
probleme problemi
pasquale pasquale
ordnung posto
ordnung accordo
ohren orecchie
nygma nygma
mouschi musci
menschen gente
meade meade
lippen labbra
lange tempo
krank malata
koffer valigia
kloster convento
karten carte
könnte potrebbe
kélétigui kélétigui
jungen ragazzo
joker joker
jeder tutti
jaume jaume
helfen aiutare
hebräer ebreo
hatte avuto
hackbraten polpettone
großmutter nonna
grissom grissom
geheimnis segreto
gauloises gauloises
freundin amica
entschuldigen scusi
eastern eastern
diese questi
denkt pensa
charles carlo
birdy birdy
bedeutet significa
aufhören smettere
anderen altro
alter vecchio
zurück tornato
zunge lingua
wirklich serio
wirklich dawero
weißt ricordi
wärst fossi
würde direi
wünschte vorrei
träume sogni
thron trono
teich stagno
sunshine sunshine
sprichst parli
spüre sento
sonntag domenica
sollten dovremmo
solaris solaris
sieht sembra
selbst stesso
selbst anche
schlimmer peggio
schläft dorme
schön accordo
richtig giusto
redest parli
reden parlarti
ranch ranch
priester sacerdoti
pelagos pelago
morgen giorno
morgan morgan
montana montana
moment aspetta
mirza mirza
merrill merrill
mcbride mcbride
mammy mammy
mailand milano
möglich possibile
machst facendo
lieber preferisco
krankenwagen ambulanza
kommt viene
kater gatto
helfen aiutarmi
hatte aveva
glaubst pensi
glauben credere
gerettet salvato
geredet parlato
gerechtigkeit giustizia
gerade appena
genug basta
gedacht pensato
ganze tutta
fenster finestra
erinnere ricordo
entschuldigung scusi
einzige unico
edith edith
dieses questa
diese quella
diesem questa
denken pensare
denke credo
betty betty
berton berton
beispiel esempio
barksdale barksdale
balla balla
augenblick momento
athene atena
arschloch stronzo
anders diverso
anderen altra
andere altro
zigaretten sigarette
wunder miracolo
wollt volete
wollen vogliono
willkommen benvenuti
whisky whisky
weinen piangere
weißt capisci
wegen causa
vorsicht attento
volkes popolo
viele quanti
verrückt pazza
vögel uccelli
unglaublich incredibile
unfall incidente
tränen lacrime
teufel cazzo
suellen susan
stolz fiero
stirbst morirai
sterben morirai
sprich parla
sprechen parlarle
spiel gioco
spielen giocare
sklaven schiavo
signal segnale
schrecklich terribile
scheint sembra
schaut guardate
schafe pecore
schade peccato
ramses ramses
prissy prissy
plato platone
patroklos patroclo
pastor pastore
passiert succede
passieren succederà
odysseus ulisse
nummer numero
minute minuto
menschen persone
mörder assassino
mühsal tempesta
lange quanto
lächeln sorriso
komisch divertente
klein piccolo
kennen conosciamo
kaviar caviale
kakao cioccolata
johner johner
hoffnung speranza
herrn signore
harvey harvey
hören senti
hören senta
hamlet amleto
hallo pronto
hübsch carina
hübsch bella
gwendolyn gwendolyn
guten buonasera
gruppe gruppo
grüsse saluto
gordon gordon
glaube penso
glauben crederci
gesprochen parlato
geschafft fatta
george george
gemacht fatto
gefunden trovato
geduld pazienza
gebracht portato
frohes felice
freundin ragazza
freunden amici
fragen domande
fische pesci
erntet raccoglie
erkennst riconosci
entschuldigung scusami
ebene livello
donnie donnie
dollar dollari
deshalb questo
dathan datan
danken ringraziamo
commissioner commissario
cecily cecily
bring ucciderò
blumen fiori
bleiben restare
beauregard beauregard
aussät vento
aphrodite afrodite
angenehm piacere
ändern cambiare
andere altri
andere altra
alarm allarme
agamemnon agamennone
