warum varför
vielleicht kanske
müssen måste
nichts inget
david david
immer alltid
morgen morgon
würde skulle
kommt kommer
reden prata
minuten minuter
zurück tillbaka
dachte trodde
bitte snälla
wieso varför
helfen hjälpa
wollte ville
paris paris
liebe älskar
freunde vänner
nichts ingenting
mutter mamma
charlie charlie
warte vänta
musst måste
harold harold
anderen andra
bevor innan
wirklich verkligen
lange länge
brauche behöver
abend kväll
brauchen behöver
selbst själv
besser bättre
verstehe förstår
hallo hallå
thomas thomas
keine ingen
shaun shaun
niemand ingen
hoffe hoppas
viele många
später senare
hilfe hjälp
wusste visste
werden kommer
jemand någon
doktor doktorn
passiert hände
etwas något
polizei polisen
frauen kvinnor
sagen berätta
kommen kommer
unter under
schwester syster
wieder tillbaka
helena helena
meinst menar
warten vänta
vivien vivien
moment vänta
faith faith
batman batman
verrückt galen
sollten borde
sicher säker
harry harry
problem problem
getan gjort
vater pappa
sammy sammy
onkel morbror
liebe kärlek
stunden timmar
komme kommer
allein ensam
woche vecka
julie julie
gesicht ansikte
leben livet
immer fortfarande
sofia sofia
familie familj
dollar dollar
andere andra
wasser vatten
kommen komma
keiner ingen
keinen ingen
julian julian
schon redan
peter peter
entschuldigen ursäkta
raymond raymond
nacht natten
krieg kriget
konnte kunde
kennen känner
finden hitta
dachte tänkte
wahrheit sanningen
victor victor
scheisse helvete
hasse hatar
captain kapten
alice alice
santa tomten
könig kungen
brandon brandon
zwischen mellan
troja troja
tommy tommy
nächste nästa
meine menar
mckussic mckussic
felix felix
braucht behöver
sprechen prata
sonst annars
schatz älskling
reicht räcker
manchmal ibland
kaffee kaffe
heißt heter
getötet dödade
freund kompis
brauchst behöver
blalock blalock
wirst kommer
schule skolan
partner partner
mädchen flicka
gehört hörde
carlos carlos
bleiben stanna
bedeutet betyder
woche veckan
sekunden sekunder
schwer svårt
prinzessin prinsessan
hinter bakom
wochen veckor
warten väntar
phillip phillip
kennst känner
hätte skulle
foley foley
tochter dotter
solltest borde
sicher säkert
schau titta
sagen säger
rosemary rosemary
letzte sista
kenne känner
erste första
dunbar dunbar
daddy pappa
zuerst först
telefon telefon
teddy teddy
sollte borde
rupert rupert
niemals aldrig
monate månader
mädchen flickan
kinder barnen
jesus jesus
hause hemma
glück lycka
genau precis
drüben borta
charles charles
chance chans
verstehst förstår
sehen träffa
roger roger
retten rädda
philip philip
nicht aldrig
brian brian
anderes annat
zusammen tillsammans
wichtig viktigt
wayne wayne
verone verone
seibei seibei
sagst säger
reden pratar
monterey monterey
lenny lenny
körper kropp
jeden varje
gemacht gjort
fragen fråga
dinge saker
deshalb därför
arbeit jobbet
wünschte önskar
versuche försöker
trinken dricka
stunde timme
shaolin shaolin
seite sidan
mueller mueller
marsellus marsellus
kommst kommer
hände händer
gefunden hittade
gefallen tjänst
erklären förklara
erinnere minns
bruce bruce
augen ögonen
anderen annan
welche vilken
sicher visst
sergeant sergeant
nummer nummer
miranda miranda
klingt låter
kendall kendall
küche köket
himmel himlen
erzählen berätta
anwalt advokat
anders annorlunda
wohnung lägenhet
würden skulle
verstehen förstå
träume drömmar
spider spider
sollte skulle
probleme problem
nacht kväll
musik musik
menschen människor
martin martin
krankenhaus sjukhuset
klappe käften
hörte hörde
genug tillräckligt
durch genom
dewald dewald
brüder bröder
weiter fortsätt
wasser vattnet
wagen bilen
verzeihung ursäkta
tisch bordet
stolz stolt
sphäre klotet
schön vacker
perfekt perfekt
nikki nikki
nicht inget
mookie mookie
liebst älskar
junge grabben
herren herrar
gleich snart
gewesen varit
gefällt gillar
frank frank
fehler misstag
ernst allvar
bleib stanna
billy billy
arbeite jobbar
wonder wonder
willkommen välkommen
werde tänker
werde kommer
wartet vänta
verstehen förstår
simon simon
scheint verkar
oscar oscar
mcciane mcciane
mädchen tjejen
leonard leonard
könnte kunde
junge pojke
jimmy jimmy
hektor hector
gesetz lagen
gerettet räddade
genau exakt
fragen frågor
finden hittar
entschuldigung ursäkta
beste bästa
aufhören sluta
arbeit arbete
world world
wilson wilson
würdest skulle
verdammt helvete
teufel helvete
schweigen tystnad
schön trevligt
roman roman
respekt respekt
passiert händer
pablo pablo
natürlich naturligtvis
menelaos menelaus
maria maria
janet janet
hände händerna
gleich strax
franks franks
frankie frankie
erzähl berätta
erinnerst minns
chloe chloe
champagner champagne
benny benny
bücher böcker
arbeitet jobbar
wunder mirakel
wollte tänkte
wolltest ville
wollten ville
wartet väntar
wahrheit sanning
verloren förlorat
urlaub semester
unfall olycka
tagen dagar
street street
spielen spela
redest pratar
radio radio
motta motta
millionen miljoner
kentley kentley
helfen hjälp
hälfte hälften
glücklich lycklig
fussball fotboll
freunden vänner
freiheit frihet
finde tycker
etwas nånting
ersten första
edward edward
denken tänka
bulle polis
arbeiten jobba
anrufen ringa
achilleus akilles
wussten visste
uribe uribe
töten dödar
sehen titta
schwarz svart
schon varit
ruhig lugna
redest snackar
rechts höger
prinz prins
musst behöver
meinen menar
müssen behöver
luther luther
links vänster
länger längre
kirche kyrkan
jedes varje
heiraten gifta
harper harper
genug räcker
europa europa
eltern föräldrar
dasselbe samma
bitte varsågod
april april
angeles angeles
zustand åkomma
wollte försökte
willie willie
warte väntar
wallace wallace
wüste öknen
vorsichtig försiktig
verstanden uppfattat
vergessen glömma
vergessen glömde
treffen träffa
tanzen dansa
stimmt stämmer
sitzt sitter
schläft sover
scheiße helvete
ruhig lugnt
natalie natalie
nachricht meddelande
morgen imorgon
minute minut
messias messias
mayor mayor
möglich möjligt
liter iiter
keine inget
jerry jerry
heiße heter
hasst hatar
getan gjorde
gerechtigkeit rättvisa
gefragt frågade
freundin flickvän
frage fråga
erinnern minns
ellis ellis
devereaux devereaux
detroit detroit
damen damer
carson carson
brauch behöver
bombe bomben
blind blind
besten bästa
baron baron
barbara barbra
angerufen ringde
abend afton
wiedersehen hejdå
wenigstens åtminstone
weißt minns
washington washington
waffe vapen
vorhänge gardinerna
vergessen glömt
verbrechen brott
umgebracht dödade
suchen letar
sparta sparta
sorgen orolig
solange länge
sitzen sitta
señor señor
sapirstein sapirstein
sängerin sångerska
sandwiches smörgåsar
sachen saker
richard richard
platz plats
party festen
norman norman
näher närmare
morgen morse
marco marco
manchmal lbland
licht ljuset
lassen lämna
kostet kostar
kenneth kenneth
irgendwo nånstans
hutch hutch
hoffentlich hoppas
heute ikväll
hätte kunde
haben gjorde
gesicht ansiktet
erzählt berättade
deutschen tyskarna
denkst tycker
denke tänker
danken tacka
brewer brewer
bohnen bönor
bleibe stannar
bezahlen betala
beverly beverly
besuch besök
beschäftigt upptagen
beamte patrull
bücher böckerna
angst rädda
überraschung överraskning
zukunft framtiden
ziemlich ganska
woodhouse woodhouse
wünschst önskar
vorstand styrelsen
versuchen försöka
versprochen lovade
verkaufen sälja
trinken drink
trinken dricker
trink drick
timmons timmons
taussig taussig
sinkend närmar
schreib skriv
schlimmer värre
satan satan
nervös nervös
nehme antar
neben bredvid
natürlich självklart
monaten månader
minnie minnie
michelle michelle
meter meter
mensch människa
lonnegan lonnegan
little little
letzten sista
labor labbet
kolumbien colombia
kennt känner
königin drottning
kämpfen slåss
judas judas
josua josua
jessica jessica
jerusalem jerusalem
james james
holen hämta
hills hills
heißt betyder
halten hålla
hölle helvetet
gianni gianni
general general
frances frances
frage undrar
fragen frågar
frühstück frukost
fenster fönstret
entschuldigung förlåt
deswegen därför
chris chris
bruder broder
bleibt stannar
bibel bibeln
angetan gjort
anfang början
alles allting
agent agent
wusstest visste
wunderbar underbart
winchester winchester
willst tänker
welcher vilken
waffen vapen
vieiieicht kanske
versuch försök
verräter förrädare
unmöglich omöjligt
topas topaz
telegramm telegram
taggart taggart
stift penna
stark stark
schwierig svårt
schuldig skyldig
schmeckt smakar
schlecht dålig
rosewood rosewood
reden snacka
rafael rafael
parra parra
palast slottet
niemand lngen
musste tvungen
monster monster
monat månad
moment ögonblick
miami miami
mexiko mexiko
margot margot
margaret margaret
marcus marcus
major major
machst håller
liegt ligger
liebt älskar
lehrer lärare
lachen skratta
kusenov kusenov
kreuz korset
kontrolle kontroll
kleiner lille
kleid klänning
königin drottningen
jarré jarre
idiot idiot
hunger hungrig
hopkins hopkins
hören lyssna
gorilla gorillan
gordy gordy
gesucht letat
geschenk present
geschah hände
gefühle känslor
garten trädgården
frescia frescia
frauen fruar
francisco francisco
françois françois
fühle känner
essen middagen
essen middag
essen maten
dunkel mörkt
drücken tryck
cromwell cromwell
chicago chicago
chase chase
boden golvet
baron baronen
bannon bannon
aufmachen öppna
atmen andas
armee armén
arbeiten jobbar
arbeite arbetar
andré andré
alten gamla
alibi alibi
abend ikväll
zimmer rummet
wolsey wolsey
willen skull
weniger mindre
weder varken
während medan
wüsste visste
vorsichtig försiktigt
vincent vincent
vierzehn fjorton
verzeihung förlåt
versuchte försökte
verstehst fattar
verrückt galna
verlassen lämna
verdienen tjäna
tuttle tuttle
treffen träffas
tempel templet
strand stranden
springs springs
sephora sippora
senator senator
seltsam konstig
scott scott
schwarze svarta
schlafzimmer sovrummet
schlüssel nycklarna
schießt skjuter
schau kolla
schönheit skönhet
salvy salvy
sünden synder
russen ryssarna
regierung regering
rachel rachel
rache hämnd
quatsch skitsnack
onkel farbror
nigger niggrer
nicholas nicholas
namen namnet
nächsten nästa
michael michael
meisten flesta
maude maude
majestät majestät
leute människor
letzte förra
komisch konstigt
kokain kokain
knast fängelse
kinder ungar
killer mördare
keinen inget
katzen katter
kassandra kassandra
könnten kunde
kalifornien kalifornien
interessant intressant
hyatt hyatt
helfen hjälper
heisst heter
heisst betyder
grissom grissom
gotham gotham
gleiche samma
geschichte historia
geschäfte affärer
geschafft klarade
gentlemen herrar
gemacht gjorde
geliebt älskade
geister spöken
geholfen hjälpte
geheimnis hemlighet
gefällt tycker
frisbee frisbee
frankreich frankrike
fliegen flyga
fertig färdig
familie familjen
fakten fakta
erwachsen vuxen
ellie ellie
drink drink
draußen utanför
diamanten diamanterna
cowboy cowboy
butch butch
blumen blommor
bleiben stannar
beste bäste
beruhigen lugna
aufwachen vakna
ärger problem
antwort svaret
amerikaner amerikanerna
alleine ensam
albtraum mardröm
ägypten egypten
zigarette cigarett
zeitung tidningen
wußte visste
witze skojar
wirklich riktigt
william william
werden tänker
warum hurså
wales wales
wahrscheinlich förmodligen
vorstellen presentera
vilmer vilmer
verstecken gömma
verstanden fattar
verspreche lovar
verletzt skadad
unschuldig oskyldig
trinke dricker
träumen drömmar
tiger tigern
teufel tusan
teiefon teiefonen
stadt staden
sprach talade
soldaten soldater
shelby shelby
schmerz smärtan
schlüssel nyckeln
schön roligt
rufen ringer
riecht luktar
regeln reglerna
ranger jägare
pizza pizza
papst påven
nazareth nasaret
natürlich klart
nächstes nästa
miller miller
melvin melvin
masse massan
magdalena magdalena
mädchen tjejerna
lustig roligt
louis louis
liste lista
lieber hellre
lieben älska
lügst ljuger
lügen lögner
kraler kraler
kraft styrka
kleider kläder
keiner lngen
königs kungens
jenny jenny
jackson jackson
humor humor
hilft hjälper
henry henry
hätte borde
harvey harvey
gondorff gondorff
geschäft företag
george george
gefährlich farlig
fragst frågar
findest tycker
fenster fönster
fangen börjar
erzählt berättat
erinnerst kommer
einfach enkelt
eifersüchtig svartsjuk
doris doris
discount discount
dienstag tisdag
denke tycker
dachten trodde
carly carly
cadell cadell
brauchte behövde
blödsinn skitsnack
beweisen bevisa
benzin bensin
baker baker
athene athena
arbeiter arbetare
anfangen börja
anderes annan
andere annat
amerikanische amerikanska
absolut absolut
zimmermann snickare
wunderbar fantastiskt
wissen känner
wissen förstår
wirst tänker
willow willow
willkommen välkomna
weiter fortsätter
weißt förstår
vickie vickie
vertrag kontrakt
verstehe fattar
verrückt knäpp
vermissen sakna
verlor förlorade
vergib förlåt
verantwortung ansvar
trojaner trojan
texas texas
tausende tusentals
täufer döparen
tötete dödade
sunshine sunshine
suche letar
stratton stratton
stolz stolthet
stock våningen
sprachen pratade
sparen spara
sonne solen
siehst tittar
sheriff sheriffen
shanghai shanghai
selbstmord självmord
sehen träffas
schwert svärd
schnell snabbt
schneller snabbare
schlüssel nycklar
schiff skepp
schießen skjut
samstag lördag
saleem saleem
salazar salazar
rheiman rheiman
retten frälsa
rechte högra
ranch ranch
problem problemet
plötzlich plötsligt
pelagos pelagos
patroklos patroclus
passierte hände
panik panik
offizier officer
nichts lnget
nennen kalla
natürlich givetvis
nachrichten nyheter
monat månaden
mittwoch onsdag
minus minus
milch mjölk
mikey mikey
meint menar
mädels tjejer
macht kraften
machte gjorde
lunge lungorna
longmire longmire
liest läser
lieben älskar
lebenden levande
kuwait kuwait
kunst konst
knopf knappen
kleine liten
kleine lilla
kindern barnen
katze katten
körper kroppen
kannte kände
jordan jordan
javier javier
isabel isabel
informationen information
hunde hundar
hexen häxor
heute kväll
helen helen
hörst lyssnar
höher högre
griechen grekerna
graham graham
gordon gordon
glaubte trodde
glücklich lyckliga
getötet dödat
geschlafen sovit
gefunden hittat
gedächtnis minne
gebumst knullat
gäste gäster
gammell gammell
funktioniert fungerar
fragte frågade
fluss floden
feuerwehrmann brandmannen
feind fiende
erzählte berättade
ernst allvarlig
erinnern minnas
erfahrung erfarenhet
entschuldigen ursäkt
england england
endlich äntligen
einsam ensam
eindringling inkräktare
drogen knark
direktor direktören
danny danny
danke tackar
clever smart
claudio claudio
chance chansen
castro castro
butts butts
brauche måste
bleibst stannar
birdy birdy
beruhige lugna
berthoid berthold
bereits redan
audrey audrey
arschloch skitstövel
arsch arslet
arbeiten arbeta
arbeit arbetet
anwait advokat
annie annie
anderen annat
andere annan
amsterdam amsterdam
alter ålder
allein ensamma
aicatraz aicatraz
ahnung aning
agamemnon agamemnon
aames aames
überdosis överdos
zwerge dvärgarna
zurückkommen tillbaka
zukunft framtid
zucker socker
zähle räknar
zählen räkna
wunder under
woiite ville
witzig roligt
witzig lustigt
wiiikommen väikommen
welche vilka
weinen gråta
warne varnar
warnen varna
wachsen växer
vorsicht försiktigt
vogel fågel
verteidigen försvara
versucht försökt
versuchst försöker
versuchen försöker
verstehst förstå
verstecken gömmer
verschwinden härifrån
verrat förräderi
vermisst saknar
verloren förlorade
vergessen glömmer
verfolgt förföljer
verändert förändrats
vallenari vallenari
ungefähr ungefär
trojaner trojaner
träume drömmer
traum drömmen
telefon telefonen
support understöd
sunday sunday
suchen hitta
straße vägen
stolz stolta
stiefvater styvfar
stücke bitar
sprengstoff sprängämnena
sprechen träffa
spiel spelet
spanien spanien
skinny skinny
sitzen sitter
sister sister
singen sjunga
sicher säkra
sicherheit säkerhet
shand shand
seltsam konstigt
selten sällan
sekunde vänta
sekunde sekund
schwieriger svårare
schreiben skriv
schnauze käften
schmuck smycken
schlimmste värsta
schläfst sover
schlafen sover
schicken skicka
scheibe fönster
schauen titta
sagte säger
rufst ringer
roper roper
restaurant restaurangen
rechte rättigheter
rechte höger
ramses ramses
römer romarna
rabbi rabbi
prinzessin prinsessa
priamos priam
prentiss prentiss
pistole pistol
phoenix phoenix
pharao farao
pflicht plikt
petrus petrus
passieren hända
papillon papillon
osborne osborne
odysseus odysseus
obwohl trots
nunez nunez
nummer numret
norfolk norfolk
nicole nicole
nennen kallar
nelson nelson
natürlich visst
napier napier
namen heter
mutter mammas
mother mother
morris morris
monsieur monsieur
mitternacht midnatt
mills mills
mason mason
manolo manolo
loser förlorare
lippen läppar
limbus limbo
letzten senaste
leider tyvärr
leibwächter livvakt
lässt låter
langsam långsamt
laden affären
laden affär
lügen ljuger
kumpel kompis
krankenhaus sjukhus
kontakt kontakt
klein liten
kleiner liten
klavier piano
kelly kelly
karriere karriär
kapiert fattar
kanzler kansler
könnte kunna
könnte kanske
juden judar
johns johns
jemanden någon
jankis jankis
irgendwo någonstans
hilfst hjälper
helft hjälp
hättest skulle
hätten skulle
hasse avskyr
hamilton hamilton
hackbraten köttfärslimpa
hübsch vacker
gwendolyn gwendolyn
guten godkväll
guerilla gerillan
grund anledning
großvater farfar
granate granat
größte största
golden golden
glück lycklig
gewissen samvete
gewinnt vinner
geschickt skickade
gerade precis
geoff geoff
gemeint menade
gekommen kommit
gekauft köpte
geheiratet gifte
gefolgt följde
gefallen gilla
gefährlich farligt
gefühl känns
gedacht tänkt
gearbeitet jobbade
göttin gudinna
freund pojkvän
freak missfoster
flughafen flygplatsen
floyd floyd
florida florida
flint flint
fleisch köttet
findet hittar
feuer elden
fanden hittade
fühlst känner
explosion explosionen
entschuidigung ursäkta
einander varandra
durch igenom
druck trycket
drogen droger
dritten tredje
donnerstag torsdag
donald donald
doiiar doiiar
diese dessa
daddy daddy
cousin kusin
cheeseburger ostburgare
cecily cecily
carter carter
bullen snuten
brown brown
brandt brandt
bowden bowden
blutdruck blodtryck
blumen blommorna
bleibst stanna
bitte ursäkta
bitte snäll
biock fiygein
bester bästa
besseres bättre
banken banker
autos bilarna
augen blunda
aufzug hissen
aphrodite afrodite
antworte svara
amerika amerika
alter gamling
alles helst
albrecht albrecht
aibrecht albrecht
aeneas aeneas
adrian adrian
abraham abraham
abendessen middag
überleben överleva
