grazie gracias
voglio quiero
quando cuando
posso puedo
tutti todos
nessuno nadie
sempre siempre
perché porque
prima antes
tempo tiempo
signore señor
padre padre
qualcuno alguien
soldi dinero
piace gusta
allora entonces
meglio mejor
amico amigo
mondo mundo
detto dicho
lavoro trabajo
donna mujer
abbiamo tenemos
fatto hecho
andiamo vamos
anche también
vuole quiere
paride paris
aspetta espera
certo claro
parlare hablar
nostro nuestro
testa cabeza
harold harold
adesso ahora
morte muerte
maestà majestad
gente gente
molto mucho
possiamo podemos
parte parte
lewis lewis
guerra guerra
favore favor
batman batman
madre madre
visto visto
morto muerto
cherry cherry
troia troya
tetsuo tetsuo
siamo estamos
porta puerta
notte noche
elena helena
sheriff sheriff
nuovo nuevo
fratello hermano
dispiace siento
sicuro seguro
moglie esposa
uomini hombres
sembra parece
ragazza chica
merda mierda
betty betty
terra tierra
sergente sargento
wayne wayne
troppo demasiado
abbiamo hemos
spero espero
scheletro esqueleto
polizia policía
credi crees
città ciudad
famiglia familia
donne mujeres
ragione razón
maghan maghan
bruce bruce
bisogno necesito
morire morir
volte veces
moglie mujer
emery emery
atmosphereum atmosfério
amici amigos
perche porque
giles giles
sangue sangre
minuti minutos
fortuna suerte
stato estado
problema problema
prego favor
facendo haciendo
sapevo sabía
kaneda kaneda
felice feliz
essere estar
domani mañana
contro contra
cooper cooper
tardi tarde
siamo somos
insieme juntos
fiona fiona
ragazzo chico
principe príncipe
popolo pueblo
macchina coche
harry harry
conosco conozco
stesso mismo
sapere saber
potrebbe podría
posto lugar
meteorite meteoro
marito marido
forza vamos
detto dijiste
capisco entiendo
banca banco
animali animales
akira akira
regina reina
potere poder
paura miedo
nostra nuestra
norman norman
forse quizás
stasera noche
presto pronto
persone gente
menelao menelao
harue harue
genitori padres
storia historia
fuori fuera
cuore corazón
cinque cinco
cazzo carajo
signora señora
ritardo tarde
prima primera
pensi crees
marvin marvin
forse quizá
allannah allannah
spiderman spiderman
ricordo recuerdo
pitone pitón
momento momento
mamadi mamadí
importa importa
corpo cuerpo
aiuto ayuda
wakhané wakhané
volevo quería
trovare encontrar
shrek shrek
sento siento
pianeta planeta
pardner socio
palazzo palacio
mutante mutante
felix fèlix
domanda pregunta
ancora todavía
accordo acuerdo
uccidere matar
terry terry
strano extraño
spoon spoon
settimana semana
scusa siento
ricordi recuerdas
peter peter
nostre nuestras
fuoco fuego
figli hijos
dobbiamo tenemos
avere tener
vivere vivir
tornare volver
simone simone
esercito ejército
conosci conoces
buongiorno buenos
buona buena
basta basta
ultima última
spiace siento
speciale especial
simms simms
scuola escuela
quanto cuánto
persone personas
nuova nueva
numero número
kerfa kerfa
importante importante
egitto egipto
colpa culpa
achille aquiles
venire venir
uscire salir
troiani troyanos
telefono teléfono
successo pasado
squadra equipo
ragazze chicas
quattro cuatro
pronto listo
parla habla
hanno tienen
gordo gordo
connie connie
virginio virge
viaggio viaje
verità verdad
sogno sueño
settimane semanas
senso sentido
sappiamo sabemos
primo primer
price price
posto sitio
persona persona
perdere perder
parola palabra
interessante interesante
forte fuerte
felici felices
dormire dormir
difficile difícil
chiama llama
buona buenas
altri otros
tutte todas
trelkovsky trelkovsky
signori caballeros
rumson rumson
possibile posible
milioni millones
migliore mejor
metri metros
mentre mientras
lattis lattis
giovane joven
elizabeth elizabeth
domande preguntas
dolore dolor
contatto contacto
ciuchino burro
birdy birdy
ascolta escucha
voleva quería
rodeo rodeo
ragazzi chicos
quando cuándo
pipistrello murciélago
lupus lupus
giocare jugar
festa fiesta
ettore héctor
dovremmo deberíamos
denaro dinero
choule choule
certo supuesto
birra cerveza
addio adiós
abbastanza suficiente
vicino cerca
tesoro cariño
sparta esparta
siediti siéntate
rafael rafael
questi estos
piacciono gustan
pericoloso peligroso
parole palabras
normale normal
nessuna ninguna
morgan morgan
khaled khaled
gotham gotham
finché hasta
capitano capitán
capisci entiendes
bellezza belleza
bambini niños
aveva tenía
attento cuidado
assegno cheque
animala animala
umano humano
ufficio oficina
troiano troyano
stiamo estamos
signore senor
significa significa
shahdov shahdov
sfera esfera
sarebbe sería
risposta respuesta
prima primero
perso perdido
parlando hablando
nostri nuestros
mange mange
junco junco
incidente accidente
fatto hiciste
dovresti deberías
dobbiamo debemos
dentro dentro
davvero verdad
chiamo llamo
bestia bestia
avuto tenido
ascoltami escúchame
angelo ángel
amica amiga
almeno menos
whisky whisky
terribile terrible
tanto tanto
succedendo pasando
soldato soldado
soldati soldados
signore damas
secondi segundos
principessa princesa
potrei podría
minuto minuto
mente mente
mangiare comer
libertà libertad
latte leche
grissom grissom
greci griegos
futuro futuro
facile fácil
facce caras
edward edward
dovrei debería
donnie donnie
dicono dicen
cucina cocina
consiglio consejo
colonnello coronel
cielo cielo
cambiare cambiar
braccio brazo
avanti vamos
aspettare esperar
annie annie
andiamo vámonos
anche aunque
wanderin estrella
sorella hermana
scusi disculpe
scienziato científico
schiavo esclavo
schiava esclava
rupert rupert
ristorante restaurante
ragazzo muchacho
prometto prometo
potrebbe puede
possono pueden
perfetto perfecto
parker parker
marva marva
lontano lejos
lavoro trabajar
joker joker
impossibile imposible
faraone faraón
entrare entrar
eddie eddie
dolly dolly
credere creer
cadavra cadavra
avanti adelante
attimo momento
aereo avión
wilson wilson
vecchio viejo
unica única
torno vuelvo
taguchi taguchi
succede ocurre
strada camino
stessa misma
speranza esperanza
sogni sueños
serio serio
scienza ciencia
sanno saben
prova prueba
problemi problemas
preoccuparti preocupes
portato traído
pensare pensar
pensa piensa
penang penang
passaporto pasaporte
ospedale hospital
onore honor
missione misión
messaggio mensaje
macabee macabee
linea línea
libro libro
inferno opresión
guardami mírame
grande grande
governo gobierno
giustizia justicia
giosuè josué
fuori afuera
fosse fuera
fidanzata prometida
dovrebbe debería
diverso diferente
deserto desierto
comunista comunista
chris chris
chiamato llamado
cavallo caballo
buddy buddy
bisogno necesita
azzurro encantador
avevo tenía
attenzione cuidado
armstrong armstrong
aiutami ayúdame
zitto cállate
vorrei quisiera
vorrei gustaría
visto viste
vieni vamos
vederti verte
trovato encontré
succede pasando
stanza habitación
stanco cansado
sposato casado
sindaco alcalde
signora senora
sicurezza seguridad
sapevi sabías
resto resto
qualche alguna
pomeriggio tarde
poliziotto policía
perduto perdido
pensi piensas
pensavo pensé
parli hablas
ospiti invitados
nygma nygma
nicaragua nicaragua
morti muertos
mamma madre
lavorare trabajar
lasciami déjame
giusto verdad
fratelli hermanos
fango barro
dottore doctor
diritto derecho
diavolo demonios
conoscere conocer
comin diligencia
cervello cerebro
centro centro
buonanotte buenas
bella buena
atena atenea
anniversario aniversario
animale animal
altre otras
vogliamo queremos
verso hacia
venuto venido
ucciso matado
suppongo supongo
stelle estrellas
senti escucha
scelta elección
salvatore libertador
rumore ruido
ricorda recuerda
ragione razòn
radio radio
qualsiasi cualquier
primo primero
priamo príamo
povero pobre
porta llévale
polvere polvo
pericolo peligro
penso pienso
passato pasado
passare pasar
orribile horrible
ordine orden
negozio tienda
naturalmente supuesto
molte muchas
minuto momento
miles miles
merrill merrill
matrimonio matrimonio
londra londres
jaume jaume
imperatore emperador
habitat hábitat
gioco juego
ghiaccio hielo
frances frances
farlo hacerlo
farlo hacer
faremo haremos
fantasmi fantasmas
dirmi decirme
dimenticato olvidado
differenza diferencia
destra derecha
destino destino
desiderio deseo
dentro adentro
dentista dentista
coraggio valor
controllo control
chase chase
certain seguro
cazzo mierda
carte cartas
braccia brazos
bella bella
altri demás
alieni extraterrestres
albero árbol
ziporà séfora
waingro waingro
vorrei quiero
visita visita
vicini vecinos
vestito vestido
veloce rápido
vediamo vemos
valigia maleta
unico único
unica único
umana humana
ultimo último
uccelli pájaros
tutti mundo
trovato encontrado
trono trono
tasso tejón
superficie superficie
suicidio suicidio
subito enseguida
stupido estúpido
stella stella
stavo estaba
stampa prensa
spazio espacio
situazione situación
silenzio silencio
signori señores
seriamente serio
sembrava parecía
segreto secreto
scusi siento
scusi perdone
schiena espalda
schiavi esclavos
sarai serás
salvare salvar
sacerdoti sacerdotes
rivoluzione revolución
ricordi acuerdas
reyes reyes
relazione informe
prigione cárcel
pozione pocion
pollo pollo
piccolo pequeño
piacere placer
personale personal
pensato pensado
pensando pensando
paziente paciente
parte sitio
pammy pammy
oceano océano
nostra nuestro
musica música
monsieur señor
molti muchos
maude maude
lingua lengua
koumbi kumbí
kawashima kawashima
jerry jerry
incredibile increíble
imparare aprender
gordon gordon
forma forma
foresta bosque
finestra ventana
fanno hacen
essere haber
energia energía
ebreo hebreo
divertente divertido
dirti decirte
diavolo diablos
diavolo diablo
delia delia
cravatta corbata
coscienza conciencia
conto cuenta
contanti efectivo
cliente cliente
chiami llamas
chiamami llámame
cassandra casandra
cambio cambio
buonasera buenas
ancora sigue
anche incluso
aiuto socorro
affari negocios
whisky güisqui
vorrei ojalá
volevi querías
vittoria victoria
viscido galán
vinto ganado
vincent vincent
umani humanos
ulisse ulises
ufficiale oficial
tornato vuelto
torna regresa
sunshine sunshine
stroud stroud
strega bruja
specie especie
sinistra izquierda
sicura segura
secondo segundo
saremo estaremos
roger roger
ranch rancho
ragazza novia
qualche algún
probabilmente probablemente
presidente presidente
prendere tomar
polpettone pastel
piccola pequeña
piacerebbe gustaría
pagare pagar
oscar óscar
orologio reloj
occupato ocupado
notizie noticias
nonna abuela
nipote sobrino
nemmeno siquiera
morta murió
montagna montaña
mezzo segundos
meduse medusas
marito esposo
maledetti malditos
madrina madrina
lionel lionel
lasciatemi soltadme
laboratorio laboratorio
kaori kaori
indietro atrás
immagine imagen
gruppo grupo
genio genio
gambe piernas
funziona funciona
fretta rápido
frega importa
forza fuerza
fortunato suerte
forse puede
fisica física
fiori flores
finito terminado
entrato entró
entrata entrada
entra entra
doris doris
dollari dólares
direi diría
dicendo diciendo
detto dijeron
denti dientes
davanti delante
comando mando
colazione desayuno
chiavi llaves
cerca busca
casetta cabaña
brava buena
bisogno necesitas
bello bonito
barnes barnes
bammon bammon
avrei habría
avete habéis
aspetti espere
ambulanza ambulancia
alieno extraterrestre
alfred alfred
agamennone agamenón
adoro encanta
vostra vuestra
vento viento
veleno veneno
vacanza vacaciones
uscita salida
umanità humanidad
uccello pájaro
ubriaco borracho
tunnel túnel
transmutatron transmutatron
toronto toronto
terzo tercer
tergasso tergasso
tanto mucho
successo ocurrido
successo ocurrió
storie historias
stile estilo
stessa mismo
spiacente siento
spazzatura basura
spaziale espacial
sottomarino submarino
sotto debajo
sottaceti pepinillo
sorelle hermanas
servizio servicio
senti sientes
semplice simple
segnale señal
sciocchezze tonterías
sapeva sabía
salute salud
sacco mucho
riesco puedo
riconosci reconoces
regno reino
regalo regalo
ragno araña
ragni arañas
queste estas
punto grano
proprio justo
proposta propuesta
preferisco prefiero
possibilità oportunidad
porte puertas
pipistrelli murciélagos
piaci gustas
perso perdí
perfetta perfecta
pelago pelagos
pazzia locura
patroclo patroclo
parli hablando
parigi parís
orecchie oídos
notte noches
notizia noticia
nemmeno tampoco
nemico enemigo
naturalmente claro
munizioni municiones
mostro monstruo
morta muerta
meraviglioso maravilloso
mcbride mcbride
mattina mañana
marlboro marlboro
lotta lucha
libri libros
libero libre
lavora trabaja
lassù arriba
labbra labios
inizio principio
indirizzo dirección
idiota idiota
hanna hanna
guardate miren
guardate mirad
guardare mirar
grandi grandes
grace grace
giovedì jueves
fronte frente
fortuna fortuna
finché mientras
farei haría
fantasma fantasma
facendo haces
facciamo hacemos
esattamente exactamente
dogana aduana
difesa defensa
davvero veras
datan dathan
cromwell cromwell
contento alegro
conosciuto conocido
comprare comprar
chiamare llamar
cherie cherie
carne carne
capisco comprendo
capire entender
butan butan
bravo bueno
benvenuto bienvenido
bella hermosa
barksdale barksdale
balla balla
amleto hamlet
albergo hotel
agente agente
aeroporto aeropuerto
abbastanza bastante
zitto disciplina
yatabéré yataberé
willie willie
vista visto
vissuto vivido
vincere ganar
vestito traje
vergogna vergüenza
veramente realmente
traditore traidor
torna vuelve
togliti quítate
terrestri tierra
tempesta miseria
televisione televisión
tante tantas
takashi takashi
suonare tocar
stufo harto
stata estado
stanza cuarto
sposa novia
speciali especiales
sopra arriba
sonar sonar
snaut snawt
sigarette cigarrillos
siamo hemos
serve necesito
serio veras
semplice sencillo
semina siembra
scomparsa desaparecido
scheletri esqueletos
sbagliato equivocado
sartorius sartorius
saperlo saberlo
samosa samosa
salvato salvado
saluto saludo
russel russel
rubato robado
responsabilità responsabilidad
ramses ramsés
ragazzi chicas
prossima próxima
proprio exactamente
pronti listos
pressione presión
premio premio
portato llevado
piangere llorar
piacerà gustará
perdendo perdiendo
pensi parece
pecore ovejas
pastore predicador
pastore pastor
parola palabras
parlato hablado
parlarti hablar
parlarle hablar
panama panamá
onore señoría
ombra sombra
numeri números
nessuno ninguno
napier napier
mortale mortal
modello modelo
migliori mejores
mezzo medio
merlo blanco
melrose melrose
medico médico
medicina medicina
mccauley mccauley
matagalpa matagalpa
mariti maridos
lasciarmi dejes
lascia déjame
kiyoko kiyoko
jetro jetro
jessica jessica
inverno invierno
insalata ensalada
informazioni información
inferno infierno
indovina adivina
incubo pesadilla
hassan hassan
harvey harvey
gwendolyn gwendolyn
grazie grácias
ghibarian guibarián
gemelli gemelos
francese francés
forse quizä
fondi fondos
finestre ventanas
fenty fenty
felicità felicidad
farmi hagas
fallo hazlo
facciamo vamos
extraterrestre extraterrestre
esserci haber
esperimento experimento
esiste existe
esercitazione ejercicio
errore error
eravamo estábamos
entrambi ambos
emergenza emergencia
eastern eastern
drucker drucker
dominick dominick
domenica domingo
dolby dolby
disco disco
dipende depende
dipartimento departamento
dietro detrás
diceva decía
detto contaste
derrick derrick
credevo creía
corpi cuerpos
coraggio vamos
conosce conoce
compleanno cumpleaños
colpa culpable
civiltà civilización
città ciudades
circo circo
cioccolata chocolate
chiudi cierra
chiede pregunta
chiaro claro
chiamata llamada
certo seguro
cerebrali cerebrales
cercare buscar
cecily cecily
caviale caviar
camera habitaciòn
camera cuarto
calmati cálmate
cacciatore cazador
beauregard beauregard
bambini hijos
avvocato abogado
avevi tenías
attenzione atención
attenta cuidado
atomica atómica
assassino asesino
ashby ashby
allora bueno
alcuni algunos
aiutatemi ayudame
aiutarti ayudar
agente detective
afrodite afrodita
accanto junto
abbia tiene
