grazie obrigado
quando quando
posso posso
perché porque
molto muito
tutti todos
voglio quero
paride páris
fiona fiona
allora então
shrek shrek
maestà majestade
soldi dinheiro
troia tróia
elena helena
forse talvez
detto disse
sempre sempre
guerra guerra
nessuno ninguém
signore senhor
siamo estamos
andiamo vamos
tempo tempo
qualcuno alguém
prima antes
amico amigo
peter peter
perche porque
abbiamo temos
certo claro
perché porquê
notte noite
nostro nosso
monsieur monsieur
ancora ainda
batman batman
meglio melhor
dobbiamo temos
ciuchino burro
morte morte
simone simone
sembra parece
successo aconteceu
prego favor
parte parte
donna mulher
altro outro
aspetta espera
menelao menelau
marvin marvin
favore favor
anche também
regina rainha
qualcosa coisa
mondo mundo
lavoro trabalho
grazie obrigada
fratello irmão
altri outros
adesso agora
uomini homens
testa cabeça
principe príncipe
morire morrer
sapere saber
possiamo podemos
gordo gordo
domani amanhã
banca banco
altra outra
minuti minutos
harry harry
contro contra
bruce bruce
wayne wayne
volte vezes
spero espero
principessa princesa
marito marido
azzurro encantado
appartamento apartamento
troiani troianos
nostra nossa
moglie mulher
bisogno preciso
trelkovsky trelkovsky
questa desta
porta porta
felice feliz
dentro dentro
achille aquiles
sparta esparta
sicuro certeza
siamo somos
ripley ripley
quanto quanto
macchina carro
lupus lupus
animali animais
ragione razão
ragazza rapariga
posto lugar
polizia polícia
nostri nossos
ettore heitor
choule choule
signore senhoras
shahdov shahdov
sapevo sabia
problema problema
prima primeiro
persone pessoas
figlio filho
famiglia família
facendo fazer
existenz existenz
città cidade
troiano troiano
serio sério
ragazzo rapaz
parlare falar
norman norman
morto morto
mange mange
madrina madrinha
greci gregos
donne mulheres
cuore coração
colonnello coronei
cazzo merda
amici amigos
allegra allegra
terra terra
quasi quase
price price
pikul pikul
palazzo palácio
milioni milhões
mamma mamãe
facce caras
edward edward
corpo corpo
bagno banho
verità verdade
tornare voltar
succede passa
signori senhores
sangue sangue
rupert rupert
risposta resposta
primo primeiro
pozione poção
parker parker
numero número
momento momento
harold harold
figlia filha
fatto fizeste
difficile difícil
destra direita
capisco entendo
vittoria vitória
vicino perto
unica única
tutte todas
troppo demasiado
spettro fantasma
scuola escola
potrei posso
pensavo pensei
nygma nygma
martin martin
maggie maggie
jaume jaume
grande grande
giovane jovem
esercito exército
cinque cinco
chris chris
volevo queria
ultima última
uccidere matar
stasera noite
serve precisamos
schiava escrava
ristorante restaurante
potere poder
persona pessoa
perdere perder
occhi olhos
moglie esposa
miles miles
gotham gotham
giochi jogos
gabriel gabriei
fosse fosse
essere estar
domande perguntas
domanda pergunta
dispiace lamento
detto disseste
conosco conheço
comunista comunista
cercando tentar
bianco branco
bestia monstro
atena atena
animale animal
almeno menos
vorrei quero
vicini vizinhos
stavo estava
sistema sistema
secondi segundos
scusi desculpe
scatola caixa
priamo príamo
presto depressa
piace gosta
macabee macabee
lontano longe
insieme juntos
destino destino
colpa culpa
capisco compreendo
assegno cheque
arrivederci adeus
arrivati chegamos
antenna antenna
agente agente
waingro waingro
volontari miiícia
trovato encontrei
tesoro querida
telefono telefone
tasso texugo
susan susan
strano estranho
stella stella
sicurezza segurança
settimane semanas
servizio serviço
senso sentido
sarebbe seria
rumore barulho
quindi então
questione questão
quanti quantos
poliziotto policia
piace gosto
perfetto perfeito
pensare pensar
ordine ordem
morta morreu
mentre enquanto
mangiare comer
lavoro emprego
interessante interessante
importante importante
giusto certo
genio génio
geller geller
finestra janela
figli filhos
dietro atrás
cromwell cromwell
chase chase
cazzo porra
cavallo cavalo
cassandra cassandra
capitano capitão
benjamin benjamin
attento cuidado
aspettare esperar
aiuto ajuda
vogliamo queremos
vincent vincent
ulisse ulisses
ufficio escritório
ufficiali oficiais
torre torre
thomas thomas
tanto tanto
suicidio suicídio
storia história
stesso mesmo
stanno estão
speciale especial
soldati soldados
sinistra esquerda
settimana semana
sentito ouviu
questi estes
principe principe
potete podem
pomeriggio tarde
perso perdi
personaggio personagem
pensi achas
pazzo louco
parola palavra
parlando falar
numeri números
nader nader
minuto minuto
madame madame
giustizia justiça
generale general
fortuna sorte
finché enquanto
figlio fiiho
figli fiihos
dollari dólares
diritti direitos
dicono dizem
corticals cortical
corona royal
coraggio coragem
claudia claudia
cercando procura
causa causa
butan butan
benissimo muito
bellezza beleza
ballo festa
atomica atómica
america américa
aiuto socorro
aeroporto aeroporto
aereo avião
whisky uísque
visto visto
viscido vivaço
vestito vestido
vestiti roupa
umano humano
torno volto
terribile terrível
tardi tarde
systematics systematics
stanza quarto
spiace desculpe
secondo segundo
scusi licença
sapete sabem
rosse vermeihas
ritirata retirada
resto resto
reame reino
rapina assalto
ragazzi rapazes
posto sítio
pericoloso perigoso
pelago pelagos
patroclo pátroclo
parigi paris
pagina página
nervoso nervoso
nazione nação
morto morreu
moglie muiher
missione missão
merda merda
marlboro marlboro
libertà liberdade
latte leite
indovinello enigma
incidente acidente
howard howard
hanna hanna
governo governo
giubbe casacas
gauloises gauloises
futuro futuro
forza vamos
fortunato sorte
felici felizes
drucker drucker
dormire dormir
dispiace desculpe
dispiace desculpa
diritto direito
denti dentes
davvero sério
credo acredito
cravatta gravata
cornwallis cornwaiiis
congresso ultraje
chicago chicago
cervello cérebro
caviale caviar
braccio braço
birra cerveja
betty betty
benedizione benção
bambini crianças
avevano tinham
aspettate esperem
ashby ashby
amleto hamlet
altra outro
albergo hotel
agamennone agamémnon
wilderness wiiderness
washington washington
vuole quiser
vorrei gostaria
vivere viver
vieni vamos
viaggio viagem
umana humana
ufficiale oficial
tavington tavington
stiamo estamos
speciale especialidade
spalle ombros
soldato soidado
sogni sonhos
sergente sargento
sento sinto
sentito ouviste
sedia cadeira
scrivere escrever
sappiamo sabemos
salvare salvar
salute saúde
rimanere ficar
riesco consigo
ricordo lembro
reverendo reverendo
ravioli ravioli
ragno aranha
ragionevole razoável
quella aquela
pulitore limpeza
pronto pronto
pronti preparar
problemi problemas
probabilmente provavelmente
prima primeira
prestito empréstimo
preoccupare preocupe
posso consigo
piani planos
perchè porque
perché porquë
passaporto passaporte
passaggio boleia
parole palavras
ospedale hospital
orologio relógio
omicidio homicídio
nourish nourish
notizie notícias
musica música
morti mortos
morta morta
morgan morgan
mirza mirza
mirate apontar
migliore melhor
michael michael
melrose melrose
matrimonio casamento
margaret margaret
malata doente
lamentela queixa
innocenti inocentes
incredibile incrível
impossibile impossível
hanno fizeram
giocare jogar
gente pessoas
fratelli irmãos
francine francine
francesi franceses
francese francês
forza força
finisci acaba
finalmente finalmente
felicità felicidade
famiglia famíiia
energia energia
dominick dominick
dogana alfândega
dispiace sinto
diavolo diabo
dente dente
denaro dinheiro
cortile pátio
cornwallis cornwallis
conto conta
contanti dinheiro
congratulazioni parabéns
computer computador
circo circo
cioccolata chocolate
chiesa igreja
chiamato telefonou
chiama chama
charles charies
certo certeza
cerebrali cerebrais
cacciatore caçador
basta basta
banche bancos
aveva tinha
avanti vamos
attenzione cuidado
attenzione atenção
aspetti espere
amica amiga
albero árvore
afrodite afrodite
addio adeus
abbastanza suficiente
