aldrig never
ville would
deres their
kunne could
noget something
efter after
altid always
paris paris
fordi because
verden world
stadig still
troede thought
kvinder women
første first
tyler tyler
kvinde woman
penge money
måske maybe
helena helen
måske perhaps
intet nothing
arthur arthur
tupac tupac
skulle should
laver doing
hvide white
siegfried siegfried
noget anything
hjerte heart
disse these
burde should
andre other
venner friends
sorte black
amerika america
martin martin
bedre better
prins prince
først first
virkelig really
mennesker people
marek marek
anden other
undskyld sorry
taler talking
præsident president
minutter minutes
lille little
døden death
noget nothing
jones jones
skete happened
sammen together
chris chris
luther luther
atreides atreides
achilleus achilles
kommer coming
forstår understand
familie family
spartacus spartacus
fader father
velkommen welcome
store great
senere later
mellem between
allerede already
ingen nobody
dræbt killed
øjeblik moment
shakur shakur
mester master
marla marla
laden laden
drage dragon
aften night
ville wanted
under under
menelaos menelaus
indtil until
herre milord
hektor hector
george george
gennem through
frodo frodo
fandt found
sværd sword
nogen anyone
morgen tomorrow
burgund burgund
anakin anakin
alene alone
undskyld excuse
siden since
nogen someone
fundet found
françois francois
familien family
aften tonight
udyret beast
slaver slaves
michael michael
huske remember
gandalf gandalf
death death
selvfølgelig course
romerne romans
ridder knight
marquez marquez
leder leader
længere longer
kommer comes
inden before
dragen dragon
søster sister
professor professor
prøver trying
måske might
måneder months
kaptajn captain
gange times
føreren führer
barillo bariilo
bange afraid
timer hours
tilgiv forgive
præsidenten president
musik music
landet country
kejseren emperor
elskede loved
vigtigt important
stille quiet
rytteren horseman
politiet police
planet planet
næsten almost
markør marker
jorden earth
james james
igennem through
gunther gunther
frihed freedom
brunhild brunhild
bilbo bilbo
betyder means
beskytte protect
afghanistan afghanistan
venter waiting
slave slave
skynd hurry
siger saying
romerske roman
qaeda qaeda
nogen somebody
ingenting nothing
herre master
grund reason
forlade leave
fjende enemy
bøger books
ørkenen desert
anden another
udenfor outside
synes think
spørgsmål question
riddere knights
person person
kæmpe fight
island iceland
hænder hands
grund because
forsigtig careful
claire claire
arrakis arrakis
værre worse
universet universe
styrke strength
sparta sparta
spørgsmål questions
skrev wrote
sandheden truth
sækker baggins
russerne russians
rundt around
forsvare defend
datter daughter
bringe bring
blandt among
berlin berlin
andre others
xanten xanten
senatet senate
saudi saudi
masbath masbath
kendt known
hellere better
gruppe group
grækerne greeks
givet given
floden river
dræbte killed
agent agent
skatten treasure
robert robert
projekt project
natten night
millioner million
mariachi mariachi
lille small
herredet shire
harkonnen harkonnen
højre right
gifte married
gange sometimes
folket people
einon einon
bring bring
angreb attack
anderledes different
amerikanske american
tænkte thought
stoffer drugs
stærk strong
soldater soldiers
smukt beautiful
slottet palace
senator senator
rigtigt right
respekt respect
regeringen government
problem problem
overalt everywhere
ordre order
nigger nigger
myers myers
lover promise
kontor office
hitler hitler
heldig lucky
hørte heard
hallo hello
højhed highness
fremen fremen
fører führer
fafnir fafnir
angrende penitent
amerikaner american
våben weapons
underskrevet signed
trojaner trojan
tilbage return
tænke think
taler speak
stolt proud
stedet instead
sprog language
snakker talking
skæbne destiny
sekunder seconds
roque roque
omkring around
medlemmer members
marcus marcus
lovede promised
krydderi spice
kontrol control
kirken church
katrina katrina
kansleren chancellor
gravid pregnant
franskmændene french
forstå understand
forklare explain
forhold relationship
faktisk actually
endnu another
durden durden
crassus crassus
beskyttelse protection
angriber attack
angribe attack
ændre change
anden second
alting everything
zaphod zaphod
willie willie
toranaga toranaga
tjener servant
takke thank
svaret answer
stodder motherfucker
største greatest
stærke strong
skulle would
skibe ships
pengene money
pankot pankot
nogen nobody
kvinderne women
kusse pussy
kriger warrior
kriemhild kriemhild
kraften force
jackson jackson
historie story
harkonnens harkonnen
hagen hagen
hader hates
garrett garrett
fremtiden future
forkerte wrong
enken widow
drager dragons
david david
castlegard castlegard
carlyle carlyle
broder brother
beskadigelse mayhem
arnaut arnaut
andet other
ægteskab marriage
agamemnon agamemnon
washington washington
værste worst
våben weapon
tidligere former
templet temple
talte talking
stole trust
soiitaire solitaire
rigtige right
regering government
problemer problems
priamos priam
piger girls
oliver oliver
nogen anybody
medlem member
lykkelig happy
kælling bitch
jorden ground
husker remember
hurtigt quickly
herrer gentlemen
gruppen group
gordon gordon
giselher giselher
frankrig france
forskellige different
florida florida
firma company
farvel goodbye
ensom lonely
enkelt simple
drikke drink
drømme dreams
dræber kills
connor connor
cinna cinna
brødre brothers
blive become
begyndte started
altid forever
virker working
vende return
vader vader
tricia tricia
tredje third
texas texas
tænker thinking
tænder teeth
sværger swear
største biggest
spørgsmålet question
snoop snoop
skibene ships
singer singer
sikkert probably
shorty shorty
selvmord suicide
prøvede tried
præcis exactly
paulsen paulson
patroklos patroclus
navne names
moder mother
mission mission
medmindre unless
mørket darkness
lukket closed
levende alive
leder looking
lærte taught
kunne might
krydderiet spice
kontakt contact
kenobi kenobi
kender knows
kejser emperor
junior junior
interessant interesting
indiana indiana
hvilket which
hurtigere faster
historien history
gurney gurney
gudinde goddess
græsk greek
gralen grail
galaksen galaxy
forsøgte tried
forræder traitor
fjenden enemy
enten either
englænderne english
dronning queen
dronningen queen
derinde there
chance chance
britannien britain
bowen bowen
athene athena
æneas aeneas
amerikanere americans
vender return
velsign bless
vælge choose
under during
uanset matter
tyskland germany
trojanerne trojans
tjene serve
stykke piece
stedet place
steder anywhere
skatten hoard
single single
sidste final
sauron sauron
rytter horseman
rigdom wealth
rådet council
pompey pompey
philipse philipse
padme padme
overgive surrender
onkel uncle
nosser balls
morgen morning
maskiner machines
mapes mapes
måned month
majestæt majesty
lancelot lancelot
kavula kavula
kassandra cassandra
kæmper fight
involveret involved
indenfor inside
idioter idiots
humma humma
hjertet heart
hjerter hearts
historier stories
hemmelighed secret
hedder called
gulvet floor
gomez gomez
glemt forgotten
general general
fronsac fronsac
farlig dangerous
færdig finished
dyrebare precious
duncan duncan
draba draba
doktor doctor
crixus crixus
cornelius cornelius
computer computer
bueskytter archers
biskop bishop
besked message
bandar bandar
atomvåbnene nukes
arbejder working
arabien arabia
ønsker wants
ønskede wanted
weyland weyland
visdom wisdom
varinia varinia
umuligt impossible
tropper troops
trojansk trojan
trojanere trojans
tjeneste favor
thomas thomas
tanis tanis
svare answer
sværdet sword
street street
stemme voice
spurgte asked
skoven woods
skide fucking
skæbnen destiny
september september
selvom though
rolig worry
republikken republic
raymond raymond
rapport report
rappere rappers
problemer trouble
plads place
perfekte perfect
pelagos pelagos
overleve survive
overlevede survived
odysseus ulysses
nazisterne nazis
myrdet murdered
muligt possible
morgenen morning
mindste least
mexico mexico
merlin merlin
levede lived
lærling apprentice
længere anymore
kristne christian
krigere warriors
kongressen congress
kananga kananga
kampen fight
junker knight
jermaine jermaine
janet janet
informationer information
imperium empire
hvert every
huset house
hurtigt quick
hotel hotel
hollow hollow
hellere rather
heldige lucky
godmorgen morning
gifte marry
gesserit gesserit
gennemsigtige clear
gaden street
forskning research
forretninger business
fjender enemies
endelig finally
eminence eminence
elsker loves
drejer spinnin
døende dying
capua capua
bygning building
bringer bring
bragt brought
blodet blood
biggie biggie
betjent constable
bange scared
ansvarlig responsible
ændret changed
alligevel anyway
øjeblik second
advarsel warning
virkede worked
vigtige important
venlig please
valgte chose
vagter guards
vågen awake
undgå avoid
tilhører belongs
tilbeder worship
thracianer thracian
tappahannock tappahannock
takker thank
tager takes
syntes think
sultne hungry
studiet studio
straf punishment
stille still
stamme tribe
spørger asking
skyde shoot
skrevet written
sjæle souls
sikkerhed security
shankara sankara
service service
sejren victory
señor señor
scott scott
saxerne saxons
saudierne saudis
sands sands
søndag sunday
saddam saddam
rustning armor
romersk roman
retten court
røvhul asshole
rappahannock rappahannock
professoren professor
populær popular
perfekt perfect
panterne panthers
palace palace
osama osama
omkring about
offer victim
nurhachi nurhachi
nummer number
næsten nearly
moderne modern
minut minute
mindst least
milliarder billion
militære military
middag dinner
mexicaner mexican
menneske person
maskine machine
marion marion
mægtig powerful
lyder sounds
loyalitet loyalty
langsomt slowly
landsby village
lande countries
ladens ladens
kristne christians
kramer kramer
kraft power
knight knight
katherine katherine
jomfru virgin
jesuitter jesuits
interesseret interested
hjerne brain
historien story
historie history
himmler himmler
heller neither
hellboy hellboy
harken harken
hardenbrook hardenbrook
grønne green
glabrus glabrus
gange twice
galaktiske galactic
gaderne streets
fresno fresno
fremtid future
fremmed stranger
frank frank
forsvar defense
forsøger trying
forkert wrong
forhold relationships
foreslå suggest
foregår going
foran front
flere several
feiix felix
fætter cousin
farlige dangerous
fængsel prison
fanget trapped
faderen father
engelske english
endegyldige ultimate
elskede beloved
doughnuts doughnuts
doniger doniger
derude there
decker decker
dækning trebuchet
crane crane
cigaretter cigarettes
bygningen building
broom broom
briseis briseis
brewster brewster
brændt burned
blevet become
bjergene mountains
belloq belloq
beklager sorry
begyndelsen beginning
begravet buried
batiatus batiatus
baron baron
baltimore baltimore
østkysten coast
andre andre
afrodite aphrodite
ødelægge destroy
