waarom hvorfor
nooit aldri
misschien kanskje
terug tilbake
leven livet
altijd alltid
nodig trenger
omdat fordi
eerste første
freddie freddie
niemand ingen
beter bedre
dacht trodde
marcus marcus
helpen hjelpe
geleden siden
minuten minutter
laatste siste
praten snakke
wilde ville
tommy tommy
rocky rocky
wereld verden
bedoel mener
andere andre
niets ingenting
morgen morgen
harold harold
dagen dager
vrienden venner
gedaan gjort
volgende neste
spijt beklager
enige eneste
vader faren
frank frank
sorry beklager
hallo hallo
balboa balboa
beste beste
onder under
frodo frodo
mensen mennesker
alleen alene
moeder moren
samen sammen
bobby bobby
komen komme
komen kommer
hoofd hodet
mitch mitch
bijna nesten
probleem problem
harry harry
elkaar hverandre
sorry unnskyld
heren herrer
dollar dollar
welkom velkommen
polly polly
parijs paris
moeilijk vanskelig
daarom derfor
begrijp forstår
zeker sikker
vanavond kveld
spreken snakke
school skolen
doden drepe
wayne wayne
generaal general
politie politiet
later senere
kapitein kaptein
gebeurt skjer
vinden finne
probeer prøver
meter meter
betekent betyr
vrouw kvinne
vertellen fortelle
gedaan gjorde
vermoorden drepe
reuben reuben
president presidenten
moeten burde
grote store
gebeurd skjedde
vragen spørsmål
thuis hjemme
eerst først
charlie charlie
wachten vente
raketten rakettene
lieveling kosteligste
drago drago
dacht tenkte
andere annen
vertel fortell
problemen problemer
proberen prøve
hadden hadde
graag gjerne
geweldig flott
wachten venter
waarheid sannheten
lennie lennie
gandalf gandalv
duivel djevelen
sinds siden
maken gjøre
kunnen kunne
karen karen
respect respekt
probleem problemet
meisje jente
herinner husker
eddie eddie
belangrijk viktig
anders annet
vragen spørre
vermoord drept
robinson robinson
moest måtte
miranda miranda
familie familien
drakula dracula
anderen andre
vriend vennen
verdomme helvete
pardon unnskyld
links venstre
hoorde hørte
gelukkig lykkelig
dezelfde samme
dames damer
chroesjtsjov krutsjov
bilbo bilbo
water vannet
tussen mellom
seconden sekunder
murdoch murdoch
maanden måneder
kinderen barna
katsumoto katsumoto
hoeft trenger
gezicht ansiktet
boucher boucher
taylor taylor
showtime showtime
miljoen millioner
liefde kjærlighet
gefeliciteerd gratulerer
familie familie
bellen ringe
apollo apollo
agustin agustin
verhaal historien
rustig slapp
rustig rolig
prince prince
natuurlijk selvsagt
natuurlijk klart
handen hendene
anders annerledes
zwarte svarte
wacht venter
vrouw kvinnen
vrouwen kvinner
vergeten glemt
trouwen gifte
señor señor
marvin marvin
interessant interessant
hetzelfde samme
creed creed
camera kameraet
zelfmoord selvmord
vertrouwen stole
tweede andre
succes lykke
smaug smaug
radio radio
rachel rachel
klopt stemmer
klaar klare
goedemorgen morgen
gebeurd skjedd
erger verre
allison allison
winnen vinne
vinden finner
spelen spille
muziek musikk
mason mason
luther luther
leger hæren
kamer rommet
jongen gutten
dokter doktor
chloe chloe
broer broren
begrijpt forstår
begrepen forstått
baggins lommelun
zwart svart
voorzichtig forsiktig
verdomme pokker
spijt unnskyld
precies akkurat
praten prate
praat snakker
perfect perfekt
muziek musikken
moordenaar morder
moest skulle
moeder mamma
maand måned
kolonel oberst
koffie kaffe
kampioen mesteren
kampioen mester
brace brace
begon begynte
arnold arnold
antonio antonio
amerikanen amerikanerne
adrian adrian
zwaard sverdet
zingen synge
welke hvilken
vicki vicki
raketten raketter
president president
paulie paulie
omura omura
nacht natta
montana montana
miami miami
martin martin
kopen kjøpe
koning konge
klein liten
kinderen unger
jongens gutter
gevaarlijk farlig
feffer feffer
elliot elliot
buiten utenfor
amerika amerika
algren algren
zouden skulle
zolang lenge
waterboy vanngutten
washington washington
wapens våpnene
vliegtuig flyet
vindt liker
vijand fienden
vermoord dreper
vargas vargas
thorin thorin
steeds fortsatt
sleutels nøklene
sergeant sersjant
probeert prøver
partner partneren
nummer nummer
natuurlijk selvfølgelig
meisje jenta
meester herre
marie marie
lonnegan lonnegan
langer lenger
klinkt høres
keizer keiseren
inbreker innbruddstyv
hoort hører
hooker hooker
graden grader
gestolen stjålet
george george
gebruiken bruke
engels engelsk
dochter datter
denken tenke
anders ellers
witte hvite
waterboy vanngutt
waard verdt
victor victor
verrassing overraskelse
soort slags
ronde runde
reden grunn
redden redde
plaats stedet
natuurlijk naturligvis
mordor mordor
moment øyeblikk
mogelijk mulig
maxie maxie
leeft lever
klein klein
klaar ferdig
grootste største
grappig morsomt
gehoord hørte
gebeurd hendt
begrijpen forstå
balings lommelun
aribau aribau
anders annen
anders andre
zouden ville
ziekenhuis sykehuset
zeker sikkert
zaken forretninger
werkte jobbet
vrienden vennene
vorige forrige
voelt føles
veranderen forandre
sterk sterk
spreek snakker
slaapt sover
sandy sandy
rechts høyre
professor professor
probeerde prøvde
preston preston
praat snakk
potter potter
parra parra
ouders foreldrene
nummer nummeret
niemand lngen
mcciane mcciane
manny manny
lichaam kroppen
kleine liten
kleine lille
idioot idiot
hummel hummel
goodspeed goodspeed
gered reddet
eerlijk ærlig
drinken drink
derde tredje
compagnie kompaniet
bridger bridger
begint begynner
avond kveld
angst frykt
ander annen
amerikaanse amerikanske
aardig hyggelig
zwaard sverd
wilde ønsket
wapens våpen
vraag spørsmål
verteld fortalte
vermoord drepte
verhaal historie
veilig trygg
straks senere
speel spiller
sovjets russerne
sleutel nøkkelen
simon simon
schieten skyter
schieten skyte
schat kjære
rusland russland
rangers rangers
proberen prøver
oorlog krigen
normaal normalt
nicola nicola
mookie mookie
minder mindre
meisje jenten
meeste fleste
manuel manuel
maand måneden
lizzie lizzie
leven lever
kwalijk unnskyld
koning kongen
jezus herregud
houdt elsker
grissom grissom
gisteravond kveld
geworden blitt
gewonden sårede
gevonden funnet
gebeurd hendte
gandalf gandalf
fantastisch fantastisk
europa europa
eigenlijk egentlig
dromen drømmer
devereaux devereaux
chicago chicago
channing channing
castro castro
carlos carlos
betalen betale
beloof lover
bedoelt mener
bedanken takke
beach beach
werkt jobber
werken jobber
werken jobbe
wedstrijd konkurransen
vijand fiende
vechten bokse
tafel bordet
suzie suzie
springen hoppe
speelt spiller
slecht dårlig
schreef skrev
schoenen skoene
schiet skyter
russen russerne
roland roland
relatie forhold
praten snakker
pizza pizza
ouders foreldre
nieuws nyheter
neuken knulle
moskou moskva
moment øyeblikket
missen savne
meisjes jenter
mannen mennene
lijkt virker
lichaam kropp
leland leland
lópez lópez
juiste rette
japan japan
honger sulten
hoezo mener
hoezo hvorfor
herinneren huske
helft halvparten
halen hente
gevecht kampen
gesproken snakket
francisco francisco
elkaar sammen
coach trener
camera kamera
billy billy
begrijp skjønner
beauregard beauregard
antwoord svaret
andrew andrew
ambassadeur ambassadør
absoluut absolutt
aardig snill
aanval angrep
zorgen bekymret
zorgen bekymre
zoeken leter
zaterdag lørdag
wapen våpen
vroeg lurte
vrijdag fredag
vriend kjæreste
voelt føler
voelde følte
vlees kjøtt
vision vision
vergeten glemme
vergeef tilgi
veranderd forandret
uribe uribe
trots stolt
texas texas
terug tiibake
stoppen stopper
slechte dårlig
serieus alvorlig
serban serban
schepen skipene
sauron sauron
samurai samurai
prachtig flott
politie politi
peter peter
partner partner
overal overalt
ongelooflijk utrolig
niemand nobody
miljoen million
mcnelly mcnelly
mcgovern mcgovern
mange mange
kramer kramer
jarre jarre
invasie invasjon
hoezo hvordan
hemel himmelen
godzijdank gudskjelov
florida florida
fisher fisher
eindelijk endelig
eileen eileen
eigenlijk faktisk
dwergen dverger
draak dragen
directeur direktør
denkt tenker
dansen danse
custer custer
bloemen blomster
betere bedre
beschermen beskytte
belial belial
begin begynnelsen
batman batman
andré andré
alleenstaande enslige
alcatraz alcatraz
afspraak avtale
adlai adlai
zwanger gravid
zoeken finne
zeggen fortelle
vriendin venninne
vriendin kjæresten
vocht kjempet
veronica veronica
verliefd forelsket
verleden fortiden
vergeten glemte
vakantie ferie
vader pappa
tuurlijk klart
touchdown touchdown
topaas topaz
toekomst fremtiden
telefoon telefonen
stoppen stoppe
steeds fremdeles
stanley stanley
spreekt snakker
spelen spiller
soldaten soldater
situatie situasjonen
sigaret sigarett
seidelbaum seidelbaum
schrijven skrive
schaduw skygge
saruman sarumann
robert robert
ricky ricky
overwinning seier
onzichtbaar usynlig
ontslagen sparken
november november
normaal vanligvis
nodig nødvendig
ninja ninja
nicole nicole
nevada nevada
nathan nathan
nacht natten
moore moore
moordenaars mordere
midden midten
mickey mickey
maude maude
machine maskin
liever heller
levend levende
largeman largeman
kusenov kusenov
klootzak jævel
klootzak drittsekk
kinderen ungene
kiezen velge
kapitein kapteinen
kantoor kontoret
jullie deres
jaren årevis
iuitenant iøytnant
interesse interessert
hopelijk håper
hobbits hobbiter
herinneringen minner
henri henri
heilige hellige
handen hender
groot stort
grond bakken
gordon gordon
gondorff gondorff
goedenavond kveld
gezelschap selskap
geweldig fantastisk
gewacht ventet
geprobeerd prøvd
gelukkig lykkelige
geleerd lærte
football fotball
fiona fiona
excuseer unnskyld
einde slutt
dwergen dvergene
dunnison dunnison
dochter datteren
dienst tjeneste
derek derek
denkt synes
dagen dagene
contract kontrakten
cocaïne kokain
champagne champagne
burnham burnham
brief brevet
betaalt betaler
begrepen skjønner
armen armene
aragorn aragorn
alstublieft snill
alison alison
aicatraz aicatraz
aangenaam hyggelig
zorgen slapp
zoeken etter
zitten sette
zeker klart
zegen velsigne
woord ordet
womack womack
wilden ville
waarschuwen advare
waarom hvordan
vroeg spurte
voeten føttene
vliegveld flyplassen
vietnam vietnam
verwacht venter
vertrouw stoler
verloren mistet
verliezen miste
verkopen selge
verdomme fanken
verdient fortjener
vaarwel farvel
uitleggen forklare
tovenaar trollmann
toilet toalettet
tijdje stund
talent talent
taart kaken
sunshine sunshine
sullivan sullivan
street street
stomme fankens
stallion stallion
sneller raskere
shell shell
schuld skyld
schiet skynd
savage savage
russische russiske
rockys rockys
rivendel kløvendal
regering regjeringen
raket raketten
quarterback quarterbacken
publiek publikum
procent prosent
problemen trøbbel
podium scenen
pistool pistol
persoonlijk personlig
orleans orleans
ontmoeten treffe
ontbijt frokost
noemt kaller
nadenken tenke
nachtmerrie mareritt
naakt naken
morris morris
momentje øyeblikk
minuut minutt
minister minister
matthew matthew
marco marco
manier måten
manager manager
lieverd kjære
leert lærer
langzaam sakte
kracht kraft
kleren klærne
kantoor kontor
journalist journalist
joséphine joséphine
johnny johnny
jerry jerry
japans japansk
houdt holder
houden beholde
hoogheid høyhet
hobbit hobbit
herinnert husker
helpt hjelper
hayes hayes
halen henter
grapje tøyser
graham graham
grady grady
goblins tussene
gezegend velsignet
gevoel følelse
gekomen kommet
geheim hemmelighet
gebruikt bruker
geïnteresseerd interessert
frans fransk
frankrijk frankrike
feest festen
expert ekspert
emilien emilien
elvira elvira
einde slutten
donker mørkt
dokter legen
detective etterforsker
danny danny
daniel daniel
dachten trodde
croker croker
claude claude
cedric fredrik
buurt nabolaget
butts butts
bruce bruce
broek buksa
braaf flink
blijven holde
bewijs bevis
beste kjære
beide begge
begrijpen forstår
begrepen oppfattet
beginnen begynne
annie annie
aitijd aiitid
zwemmen svømme
zweer sverger
zelfs engang
woonde bodde
woensdag onsdag
wisten visste
winnen vinner
willie willie
werkt funker
wapen pistolen
walenski walenski
wakker våknet
wakker våkne
waarvoor hvorfor
vroeg tidlig
vriend kjæresten
voren forover
vogeltje fuglen
vochten kjempet
vieren feire
vertel forteller
verteld fortalt
vertelde fortalte
vermoordt dreper
vergeet glemmer
veilig trygt
vecht kjemper
vechten kjempe
vanmorgen morges
vanmiddag ettermiddag
vallencourt vallencourt
trouwens forresten
trollen troll
trein toget
terug igjen
telefoon telefon
succes suksess
stuurt sender
straat gaten
sterren stjernene
spullen sakene
spiegel speilet
speelde spilte
sommige enkelte
soldaat soldat
slecht dårlige
sigaretten sigaretter
sellars sellars
schuldig skyldig
schreber schreber
schoot skjøt
schatje kjære
samurai samuraien
robot robot
riegert riegert
richards richards
restaurant restaurant
raheem raheem
raadsels gåter
probleem problemer
petra petra
persoon person
pentagon pentagon
ontwijk unnga
onmogelijk umulig
ongeluk ulykke
oktober oktober
napier napier
mooie vakre
mirabella mirabella
minister ministeren
michèle michele
mexico mexico
marisa marisa
mardi mardi
makkelijker lettere
maandag mandag
maakt spiller
luister hører
lucht himmelen
louisiana louisiana
lnsano lnsano
liever helst
lester lester
legers hærer
langs forbi
kwijt mistet
kwartier kvarter
kwaad ondskap
kunst kunst
kraler kraler
kracht styrke
konden kunne
keuken kjøkkenet
kerkhof kirkegården
kerel fyren
kenny kenny
kennen kjenner
kennedy kennedy
kende kjente
kelder kjelleren
journalist reporter
isildur lsildur
intertel intertel
informatie informasjon
houden holde
herhaal gjentar
henry henry
helsing helsing
helpen hjelp
helaas dessverre
groep gruppe
grapje tuller
graden akter
gotham gotham
gondor gondor
gitaar gitar
gewerkt jobbet
geweldig strålende
geweldig storartet
gevraagd spurte
gesprek samtale
geschreven skrevet
generaal generalen
geheugen hukommelsen
geheim hemmelig
geheime hemmelige
gebeld ringte
gebeld ringt
franse franske
françois françois
ervaring erfaring
engel engel
engeland england
eerste først
drinkt drikker
draagt bærer
doyle doyle
doodt dreper
donnell donnell
doden dreper
directeur inspektøren
dingen tingene
diggory djervell
dieper dypere
desert desert
dertig tretti
crandall crandall
cougars cougars
controle styring
controle kontroll
chauffeur sjåføren
chariey chariey
captain captain
brechner brechner
bokser bokser
blotz blotz
blokkade blokade
bloemen blomstene
bladzijden sidene
binnenkort snart
bijvoorbeeld eksempel
bezorgd bekymret
bevel ordren
bevel ordre
betekend betyr
betaal betaler
bestaat eksisterer
bellen ringer
beker trofén
bandieten banditter
bakboord babord
arthur arthur
alsjeblieft snill
allebei begge
adres adressen
achter etter
aanbod tilbud
