waarom warum
hebben haben
alles alles
leven leben
niets nichts
vader vater
misschien vielleicht
weten wissen
zeggen sagen
moeten müssen
kunnen können
altijd immer
gezien gesehen
terug zurück
bedankt danke
moeder mutter
iemand jemand
vriend freund
waarom wieso
kinderen kinder
genoeg genug
helpen helfen
dacht dachte
praten reden
meisje mädchen
alsjeblieft bitte
morgen morgen
wilde wollte
hallo hallo
gebeurd passiert
worden werden
wacht warte
vanavond heute
mensen leute
beter besser
niemand niemand
gedaan getan
komen kommen
minuten minuten
alleen allein
terug wieder
zeker sicher
vragen fragen
sterven sterben
harold harold
vrienden freunde
vandaag heute
familie familie
kamer zimmer
broer bruder
vinden finden
mensen menschen
wachten warten
onder unter
water wasser
verdomme verdammt
vertellen sagen
natuurlijk natürlich
horen hören
geloof glaube
politie polizei
partner partner
lewis lewis
jongen junge
waren waren
tegen gegen
oorlog krieg
gelijk recht
willow willow
gezegd gesagt
niemand keiner
keizer kaiser
peter peter
doden töten
vrouwen frauen
later später
iemand jemanden
zullen werden
sheriff sheriff
blijven bleiben
batman batman
probleem problem
klaar fertig
dingen dinge
andere anderen
redden retten
liefde liebe
kapitein captain
handen hände
willen wollen
precies genau
eerste erste
dochter tochter
werken arbeiten
school schule
gehoord gehört
enige einzige
anders sonst
staat steht
klaar bereit
gedaan gemacht
achter hinter
gezicht gesicht
charlie charlie
vraag frage
volgende nächste
thuis hause
telefoon telefon
heren herren
bourne bourne
anders anders
andere andere
alstublieft bitte
sarah sarah
leger armee
kendall kendall
gevonden gefunden
vergeten vergessen
devlin devlin
begrijp verstehe
bedoel meine
alicia alicia
wacht warten
wacht moment
spreken sprechen
parijs paris
mannen männer
george george
geloven glauben
luister hören
jongens jungs
hebben brauchen
weken wochen
waarheid wahrheit
sammy sammy
moeilijk schwer
beste beste
michael michael
martin martin
maken machen
eerst zuerst
berlijn berlin
anderen anderen
zelfs sogar
slapen schlafen
nacht nacht
generaal general
dollar dollar
zoeken suchen
voorbij vorbei
verone verone
vermoorden töten
toekomst zukunft
scarlett scarlett
peggy peggy
nooit niemals
nodig brauchen
mueller mueller
koffie kaffee
jimmy jimmy
james james
gisteren gestern
gevaarlijk gefährlich
geluk glück
dunbar dunbar
carlos carlos
welkom willkommen
sergeant sergeant
moeten sollten
moeten sollen
kijken sehen
goedenavond guten
elora elora
dames damen
dagen tagen
benigno benigno
wayne wayne
voordat bevor
vertrouwen vertrauen
teddy teddy
ricky ricky
maakt macht
koning könig
gebeurt passiert
frank frank
eerste ersten
blijf bleib
walter walter
smith smith
schuld schuld
sauvage sauvage
rustig ruhig
problemen probleme
mckussic mckussic
maximus maximus
lichaam körper
koningin königin
houdt liebt
droom traum
bruce bruce
begrepen verstanden
zwaard schwert
wapen waffe
verteld erzählt
vermoord getötet
verhaal geschichte
trots stolz
nummer nummer
nieuwe neuen
maand monat
heeft haben
gewoon einfach
drugs drogen
dennis dennis
carter carter
begrijpen verstehen
bedoel meinst
ashley ashley
voorzichtig vorsichtig
vechten kämpfen
trouwen heiraten
staan stehen
soldaat soldat
samen zusammen
ouders eltern
nooit nicht
moest musste
miranda miranda
licht licht
laten lassen
hemel himmel
drinken trinken
denken denken
camera kamera
zorgen sorgen
tussen zwischen
tommy tommy
takumi takumi
samurai samurai
laatste letzte
gelukkig glücklich
english english
dronken betrunken
antwoord antwort
ziekenhuis krankenhaus
welke welche
wapens waffen
steeds immer
robot roboter
perón perón
marsellus marsellus
madmartigan madmartigan
katsumoto katsumoto
grote große
goede guter
gered gerettet
genoeg reicht
edward edward
dansen tanzen
buiten draußen
bosco bosco
bonnie bonnie
beste besten
agent agent
zodat damit
vriendin freundin
verkopen verkaufen
verdomme scheisse
spreken reden
schat schatz
rachel rachel
politie bullen
leonard leonard
gevaar gefahr
freya freya
elizabeth elizabeth
eigen eigenen
denken glauben
brian brian
barones baroness
zwart schwarz
zorgen sorge
vertel sagen
vermoorden umbringen
talley talley
sleutels schlüssel
rumson rumson
rhett rhett
respect respekt
reden grund
praten sprechen
nieuw neues
maanden monate
luther luther
kennen kennen
kelly kelly
jezus jesus
geest geist
dwerg knirps
dokter doktor
denys denys
clark clark
bedankt vielen
amerikanen amerikaner
vrijheid freiheit
vijand feind
victor victor
vermoord umgebracht
spullen sachen
spelen spielen
schrijven schreiben
schieten schießen
regering regierung
rechts rechts
professor professor
overal überall
murdoch murdoch
meteen sofort
jessica jessica
jaren jahren
gedachten gedanken
connor connor
caesar cäsar
avond abend
allemaal alles
algren aigren
zitten setzen
verdomme scheiße
treadstone treadstone
stemmen stimmen
noemen nennen
niemand niemanden
muziek musik
maanden monaten
lezen lesen
laten gehen
kwijt verloren
kracht kraft
informatie informationen
hoeveel viele
harry harry
hadden hatten
geloof glaub
gebouw gebäude
dromen träume
daarom deshalb
charles charles
bough bough
binnen herein
anders anderes
amerika amerika
allebei beide
afrika afrika
wallace wallace
vrienden freunden
vertellen erzählen
vertel erzählen
verhaal story
vergeet vergiss
probeer versuche
paarden pferde
niemand niemandem
mogelijk möglich
lydia lydia
links links
leren lernen
johnny johnny
iedereen jeder
goedemorgen guten
erger schlimmer
chloe chloe
breng bring
betekent bedeutet
barrie barrie
angela angela
alleen alleine
zeven sieben
wacht wartet
waarom weshalb
vincent vincent
terwijl während
sorry entschuldigung
sonny sonny
rijden fahren
rechercheur detective
omura omura
misschien vieiieicht
mevrouw madam
marco marco
macht macht
laatste letzten
kunnen könnten
herinneringen erinnerungen
gisteravond gestern
gevangenis gefängnis
europa europa
davies davies
blijf bleiben
beschermen beschützen
wonder wunder
werden wurden
vrede frieden
volgende nächsten
vertel erzähl
verrassing überraschung
verder weiter
vanessa vanessa
sterk stark
serieus ernst
sebastian sebastian
russen russen
robots roboter
rivier fluss
miljoen millionen
lemand jemand
keuken küche
hoorde hörte
gezin familie
geven geben
getrouwd verheiratet
gedood getötet
feest party
danan danan
daarom deswegen
daarom darum
commodus commodus
butler butler
boeken bücher
berkeley berkeley
werkt funktioniert
welke welcher
washington washington
verteld gesagt
tweede zweite
thesis these
smeris bulle
seconden sekunden
scotty scotty
raziel raziel
radio radio
proberen versuchen
perfect perfekt
normaal normal
natalie natalie
mieke mieke
messias messias
mcciane mcciane
lonnegan lonnegan
londen london
kopen kaufen
kimberly kimberley
kaminski kaminski
jongen jungen
honger hunger
heren gentlemen
halen holen
grappig witzig
grady grady
gordijnen vorhänge
geworden geworden
geweest gewesen
gebeld angerufen
gazal gazal
ergens irgendwo
eerlijk ehrlich
derde dritten
castro castro
beneden unten
beneden runter
beetje wenig
beelden bilder
beach beach
angst angst
advocaat anwalt
zelfs selbst
woorden worte
winter winter
wilde wolltest
wetten gesetze
vroeger früher
vraag fragen
virus virus
vilmer vilmer
verlaten verlassen
veranderd geändert
tovenaar zauberer
tanden zähne
tafel tisch
strand strand
steen stein
slecht schlecht
slaapt schläft
simpel einfach
secretaresse sekretärin
schrijf schreib
reese reese
rafael rafael
procent prozent
praat reden
pizza pizza
parra parra
osborne osborne
onmogelijk unmöglich
moskou moskau
mogen dürfen
mensen leuten
melly melly
meisjes mädchen
maria maria
lijst liste
lenny lenny
landy landy
klootzak arschloch
kinderen kindern
judas judas
jeruzalem jerusalem
hoogheid hoheit
herinner erinnere
granaat granate
geweer gewehr
gestorven gestorben
gemaakt gemacht
geduld geduld
geboren geboren
ermee damit
eindelijk endlich
eiland insel
dragen tragen
dingen sachen
dichterbij näher
devereaux devereaux
danny danny
bruiloft hochzeit
blijf bleibt
belangrijk wichtig
begrijp verstehst
banning banning
avond nacht
achteruit zurück
zwaar schwer
zouden sollten
zichzelf selbst
wraak rache
wordt wirst
woestijn wüste
volwassen erwachsen
verwacht erwartet
vernietigen vernichten
veranderd verändert
uribe uribe
toneelstuk stück
spanjaard spanier
sorsha sorsha
sommige manche
situatie situation
senator senator
senaat senat
rustig beruhige
richard richard
restaurant restaurant
regels regeln
probeer versuch
pascal pascal
pardon verzeihung
paard pferd
ontvoerd entführt
nodig nötig
nodig braucht
niets nicht
nicaragua nicaragua
namen namen
meter meter
meegosh meegosh
kwamen kamen
klinkt klingt
kleren kleider
kikuyu kikuyu
kelder keller
jezelf selbst
jason jason
hooker hooker
holloway holloway
hoezo warum
hoeveel wieviel
grissom grissom
graag gerne
goden götter
gelukt geschafft
gelezen gelesen
geheim geheimnis
gedacht gedacht
gasten gäste
engeland england
eigenlijk eigentlich
dinsdag dienstag
dieren tiere
conklin conklin
chicago chicago
chase chase
champagne champagner
brief brief
brengen bringen
bloemen blumen
blixen blixen
bidden beten
bewijzen beweisen
betaald bezahlt
antwoorden antworten
andré andré
adres adresse
zuiden süden
zomer sommer
ziens wiedersehen
zelfmoord selbstmord
zeker wirklich
zaken geschäft
werkt arbeitet
vrijdag freitag
vriend kumpel
vragen bitten
vorige letzte
volgen folgen
vliegtuig flugzeug
verschil unterschied
vermoord ermordet
vermoord bring
verkeerd falsch
veranderen ändern
veilig sicher
sturen schicken
stierf starb
spion spion
sneller schneller
sleutel schlüssel
sigaret zigarette
scheiden scheiden
relatie beziehung
operatie operation
nodig brauchst
nathan nathan
nancy nancy
naast neben
moordenaar mörder
mookie mookie
mooie schöne
miami miami
meeste meisten
mammy mammy
luister hörst
kusenov kusenov
kruis kreuz
krant zeitung
jacht yacht
isabella isabella
houdt liebst
hotel hotel
herinneren erinnern
handen händen
hairy cabeleira
hadden hätten
gracchus gracchus
geweld gewalt
genie genie
gelooft glauben
geloof glauben
gekocht gekauft
gefeliciteerd glückwunsch
gebeurde passiert
fiona fiona
explosie explosion
engels englisch
directeur direktor
denkt denkst
denemarken dänemark
daarna danach
butch butch
borrel drink
blijf bleibe
bijbel bibel
bezoek besuch
betekent heißt
bericht nachricht
begrijpt verstehen
begraven begraben
bedanken danken
bairn bairn
amerikaanse amerikanische
advokaat anwalt
aandoening zustand
zuster schwester
zonden sünden
zomaar einfach
willie willie
waarnemer beobachterin
vliegen fliegen
verliezen verlieren
verlegen schüchtern
verkeerde falschen
vergeef vergib
vallenari vallenari
tuttle tuttle
topaas topas
tempel tempel
strider strider
straks später
straat straße
stoppen aufhören
stelen stehlen
sorry verzeihung
scott scott
schrijf schreiben
schatje schatz
samad samad
revolutie revolution
project projekt
pistool waffe
oplossing lösung
onzin unsinn
ontmoeten treffen
ongeluk unfall
nieuws nachrichten
nerveus nervös
nazareth nazareth
nanawatai nanawatai
moment moment
moeilijk schwierig
missie mission
minder weniger
maude maude
mannen männern
lucius lucius
lopen laufen
leugens lügen
lanning lanning
langzaam langsam
langer länger
krijgen haben
kovertsjenko koverchenko
klopt stimmt
katie katie
kalarjian kalarjian
kaart karte
jaloers eifersüchtig
jackie jackie
indianen indianer
iedereen jeden
huilde geweint
hebben hatten
harvey harvey
gotham gotham
golikov golikov
gezegend gesegnet
gevoel gefühl
gesproken gesprochen
geschiedenis geschichte
geprobeerd versucht
generaal generai
gebroken gebrochen
gearresteerd verhaftet
garage garage
engel engel
eigen eigene
duurt dauert
droom träume
drink trinke
discount discount
cowboy cowboy
computer computer
chauffeur fahrer
campbell campbell
betekenen bedeuten
beloof verspreche
begint beginnt
bedoelt meinen
bedoel meinen
argentinië argentinien
annie annie
amsterdam amsterdam
alarm alarm
zolang solange
zaterdag samstag
zakken taschen
wisten wussten
wilden wollten
vriendje freund
vohnkar vohnkar
vloer boden
vlees fleisch
verwacht erwarte
vernietigd zerstört
verleden vergangenheit
verhalen geschichten
vergeet vergessen
verdwijnen verschwinden
teken zeichen
sylvia sylvia
sorry entschuldige
slang schlange
shirt shirt
shell shell
rosen rosen
reportage reportage
ranger ranger
publiek publikum
problemen ärger
positie position
persoon person
ouder älter
opgehangen gehängt
ontbijt frühstück
oefening übung
nygma nygma
nemen nehmen
napels neapel
naive marreco
nachtmerrie alptraum
naakt nackt
msabu msabu
mozes moses
morris morris
melanie melanie
matthews matthews
magdalena magdalena
machines maschinen
maakt machst
lijkt scheint
liever lieber
leven lebens
lafaard feigling
kussen küssen
krijgen bekommen
kolonel colonel
kleur farbe
klein klein
kleine kleine
kijken ansehen
juiste richtige
joker joker
jarre jarré
japan japan
incredibel incredible
iemand einer
hoezo wieso
hield geliebt
herinner erinnerst
heipen helfen
grond boden
graham graham
graag bitte
goedenavond abend
gesprek gespräch
geschreven geschrieben
gemist vermisst
geloofde geglaubt
geleerd gelernt
gekomen gekommen
geholpen geholfen
gefllte gefillte
frescia frescia
fransen franzosen
frankrijk frankreich
elkaar zusammen
doper täufer
deuren türen
denkt glaubt
denkt denkt
denkt denken
cooper cooper
contact kontakt
candy candy
caine caine
burglekutt burglekutt
buiten draussen
breng bringen
blijf bleibst
bellen anrufen
beiden beide
begrijp versteh
begrijpt verstehst
beetje bisschen
bavmorda bavmorda
arthur arthur
alles allem
allah allah
aicatraz aicatraz
agent officer
afspraak termin
afgelopen vorbei
zwarte schwarze
zwarten schwarze
zorgen angst
zondag sonntag
zitten sitzen
yolanda yolanda
yankees yankees
woont wohnt
winnen gewinnen
wilkes wilkes
wheeler wheeler
weetje weißt
wachten wartet
waarschijnlijk wahrscheinlich
waarheen wohin
vroeg fragte
vraagt fragt
voorwaarts vorwärts
voorouders vorfahren
voorgeborchte limbus
vooral besonders
vonden fanden
volgens glaube
vlieger drachen
violet violetta
vertrouw vertraue
verloren verloren
verliefd verliebt
verkeerde falsche
verdorie verdammt
vallen fallen
uitleggen erklären
tweede zweiten
tunnel tunnel
tuatha tuatha
toeval zufall
thuis zuhause
tante tante
sunshine sunshine
stuurt schickt
stond stand
stellen stellen
stabiel stabil
spiegel spiegel
soldaten soldaten
snaut snaut
slaap schlafe
slaapkamer schlafzimmer
señor señor
schuilplaats lager
schoenen schuhe
schiet schnell
schiet erschieß
schat liebling
romeinen römer
roken rauchen
rocket buscapé
rijdt fährt
rijdt fahren
regenboog regenbogen
raadsel rätsel
prinses prinzessin
prijs preis
praten sprich
praat sprich
porthos porthos
piaten platten
penang penang
pauze pause
paniek panik
panama panama
pamela pamela
opeens plötzlich
ontslagen gefeuert
onderwerp thema
ogenblikje moment
oddball oddball
nunez nunez
noorden norden
neverland nimmerland
neergeschoten erschossen
motor motor
monsieur monsieur
moest hätte
misdaad verbrechen
minuut minute
michèle michèle
mexico mexiko
meteen gleich
mensen männer
meade meade
masai masai
leraar lehrer
kunzel kunzel
krijgen kriegen
kogel kugel
klein kleines
kleine kleiner
kleine kleinen
klanten kunden
kiaya kiaya
karen karen
juiste richtigen
jongens leute
joden juden
jimmie jimmy
jankis jankis
jammer schade
inspecteur inspektor
houden lieben
honden hunde
hoeft musst
hield liebte
helpen hilfe
helikopter hubschrauber
helft hälfte
grappig komisch
gordon gordon
gondorff gondorff
godsnaam teufel
gewonnen gewonnen
gewond verletzt
gevoelens gefühle
gestuurd geschickt
geheimen geheimnisse
geeft macht
gedoopt getauft
gebeurd geschehen
gaulle gaulle
gammell gammell
galilea galiläa
fouten fehler
florida florida
figueroa figueroa
felicity felicity
excuses entschuldigen
eerste erster
eenzaam einsam
eastern eastern
duren dauern
duiven tauben
duivel teufel
drinken drink
donker dunkel
delen teilen
delamere delamere
daikini daikini
dachten dachten
creek creek
conner conner
comité komitee
butts butts
blaine delblaine
billy billy
bijna gleich
bewijzen beweise
betalen zahlen
betaal bezahle
benen beine
begrijp verstehen
begon begann
beginnen beginnen
begin anfang
aurelius aurel
asleen asleen
angeles angeles
ander anderes
agenten bullen
actrice schauspielerin
aandacht aufmerksamkeit
zullen sollen
zulke solche
zoveel viele
zoiets etwas
zodra sobald
zenuwachtig nervös
zeggen reden
zeggen erzählen
witte weiße
winkel laden
wendy wendy
weinig wenig
wassen waschen
vriendinnen freundinnen
vreemdelingen fremden
vraag fragst
vraag bitte
vooral allem
visioen vision
vijanden feinde
vertrouwen trauen
verslagen besiegt
verschillende verschiedene
verrader verräter
verraden verraten
verklaring erklärung
verjaardag geburtstag
verdiend verdient
verantwoordelijk verantwortlich
verandert ändert
vecht kämpfe
vanmorgen heute
vanavond abend
tuurlijk natürlich
triest traurig
toegang zugang
tevreden zufrieden
tenminste wenigstens
suiker zucker
succes glück
stoppen anhalten
sterren sterne
sterft stirbt
stamhoofd häuptling
springen springen
speelt spielt
sommige einige
smoking smoking
smaakt schmeckt
schuldig schuldig
schoon sauber
schoonheid schönheit
schiet beeil
schapen schafe
samen gemeinsam
rustig beruhigen
russische russischen
rugzak gepäck
rekening rechnung
raketten raketen
raheem raheem
rabbi rabbi
proximo proximo
probeer versucht
probeerde versuchte
princeton princeton
prettige schönen
president präsident
passagiers passagiere
partners partner
pardon entschuldigung
pardon entschuldigen
pardon bitte
parcher parcher
paradijs paradies
paarden pferden
overleven überleben
overleden gestorben
opnieuw wieder
ontsnapt entkommen
ontslagen entlassen
ontmoet kennen
onschuldig unschuldig
ongeveer ungefähr
officieel offiziell
noemt nennt
nieuwe neues
nieuwe neuer
nicole nicole
nicholas nicholas
napier napier
nagedacht nachgedacht
nachts nachts
mooie schöner
mombasa mombasa
mogen können
missen vermissen
misschien könnte
mills mills
mening meinung
medelijden mitleid
mcbride mcbride
matagalpa matagalpa
mardi mardi
machine maschine
maagd jungfrau
luitenant lieutenant
luistert hören
luisteren hören
lsabelle isabelle
louise louise
lippen lippen
liggen liegen
leeft leben
langley langley
laatst zuletzt
kunst kunst
konstantin konstantin
koninkrijk königreich
kleuren farben
kende kannte
kamergenoot zimmergenosse
kaboem kabumm
kaartjes karten
jenny jenny
jennifer jennifer
itsuki itsuki
isabeiia isabella
indringersalarm eindringling
iemand jemandem
iedereen allen
idioot idiot
huilen weinen
houden behalten
hospitaal krankenhaus
hopelijk hoffe
hoopte gehofft
honger hungrig
hoeft brauchst
hither hither
hetzelfde dasselbe
henry henry
helden helden
heilige heilige
heeft braucht
harper harper
greenan greenan
graven graben
goeiemorgen morgen
goede guten
gladiator gladiator
geweten gewissen
geweldig wunderbar
gewacht gewartet
gewaarschuwd gewarnt
gevraagd gefragt
gevangenis knast
geslapen geschlafen
geschenk geschenk
gerechtigheid gerechtigkeit
gemist verpasst
gekruisigd gekreuzigt
gehuild geweint
geheime geheimdienst
gegeven gegeben
gedroomd geträumt
gebruikt benutzt
gebeurt geschieht
gangster gangster
fotograferen fotografieren
finch finch
excuseer entschuldigung
evita evita
eigen eigenes
eerst vorher
eerst ersten
eerder früher
eddie eddie
duitsland deutschland
duitsers deutschen
draagt trägt
dorst durst
dominee pastor
dealer dealer
david david
danken danken
crapgame crapgame
commissaris commissioner
claideb claideb
chema chema
chariey chariey
carrière karriere
cadeau geschenk
brown brown
broeders brüder
broeder bruder
booker booker
boeren farmer
blind blind
blijft bleibt
blaine blaine
bezet besetzt
beweging bewegung
beweegt bewegt
bewakers wachen
betaalde bezahlt
beroemd berühmt
beloofd versprochen
belle belle
belasting steuern
bekend bekannt
begrijpt versteht
begrafenis beerdigung
begonnen begonnen
bedoelt meinst
banken banken
badal badal
atlanta atlanta
alsjeblief bitte
aiies aiies
achter hinten
aartsbisschop erzbischof
aarde erden
