miksi zakaj
kiitos hvala
mutta ampak
täällä tukaj
herra gospod
takaisin nazaj
sitten potem
anteeksi oprosti
anteeksi oprostite
kapteeni kapitan
kotiin domov
jotain nekaj
tapahtui zgodilo
george george
jimmy jimmy
katso poglej
huomenna jutri
kerro povej
haluan hočem
odota počakaj
kukaan nihče
tänään danes
paska sranje
meillä imamo
mutta vendar
kuollut mrtev
kuinka koliko
koskaan nikoli
tässä tukaj
minun moram
yhdessä skupaj
sanoin rekel
mennään gremo
luulin mislil
luulen mislim
valmis pripravljen
sanoi rekel
minuuttia minut
michael michael
huomenta jutro
meidän moramo
kiltti prosim
joulua božič
haluat hočeš
halua nočem
tarvitsen potrebujem
mitään ničesar
luuletko misliš
rakastan ljubim
oscar oscar
kuuntele poslušaj
tapahtuu dogaja
pahoillani oprosti
joten torej
selma selma
ennen preden
creasy creasy
rouva gospa
kauan dolgo
justine justine
varma prepričan
unohda pozabi
toveri tovariš
paljon veliko
bruce bruce
sinun moraš
pyydän prosim
ystäväni prijatelj
nähnyt videl
nähdä videti
hätänä narobe
dollaria dolarjev
brandenburg brandenburg
rahat denar
metriä metrov
luulet misliš
harry harry
uskoa verjeti
tietysti seveda
stanley stanley
nopeasti hitro
neljä štiri
nähdään vidimo
michel michel
haintappaja morskih
grinch grinč
tarkoittaa pomeni
reuben reuben
rahaa denarja
myöhemmin kasneje
lenny lenny
paras najboljši
nainen ženska
näetkö vidiš
mikset zakaj
lapset otroci
bailey bailey
vihaan sovražim
tietää vedeti
thomas thomas
tervetuloa dobrodošli
tapahtunut zgodilo
tanto tanto
schneebly schneebly
pysty morem
muistatko spomniš
kulta draga
henry henry
uskomatonta neverjetno
paljonko koliko
kiitoksia hvala
kanssasi teboj
hyvin dobro
ensin najprej
auttaa pomagam
valmis pripravljena
tiesin vedel
tappaa ubiti
nähdään vidiva
luutnantti poročnik
kultaseni draga
kertoa povedati
herrat gospodje
elektra elektra
tietenkin seveda
polly polly
ikinä nikoli
eteenpäin naprej
eilen včeraj
david david
angie angie
ymmärrä razumem
tarvitse treba
tarkoitat misliš
melkein skoraj
kuollut mrtva
jeesus jezus
ihmiset ljudje
haluan želim
caitlin caitlin
wanda wanda
uskon verjamem
tiennyt vedel
sisään noter
sekuntia sekund
quinn quinn
puhut govoriš
mennään greva
larry larry
joskus včasih
hoggle hoggle
tiedätkö veste
tarpeeksi dovolj
rauhoitu pomiri
poliisi policija
luulin mislila
kerran enkrat
hector hektor
suunnitelma načrt
selvä dobro
riittää dovolj
marty marty
hiljaa utihni
flying leteči
valmiina pripravljeni
tohtori doktor
sanoit rekel
pitäisi moral
näyttää izgleda
lupaan obljubim
kysymys vprašanje
kiitti hvala
kenraali general
jared jared
hetki trenutek
amiraali admiral
amerikkalainen američan
ajattelin mislil
ainoa edini
webber webber
viktor viktor
vauhtia gremo
valossa svetlobi
tunnen poznam
tekeillä dogaja
teillä imate
sarah sarah
sanoi rekla
rivers rivers
puhua govoriti
phuong phuong
ongelma problem
nouse vstani
nähnyt videla
miljoonaa milijonov
mcfly mcfiy
lopeta nehaj
joulu božič
herrani gospodar
eversti polkovnik
elämä življenje
brian brian
ymmärrän razumem
yllätys presenečenje
vastaus odgovor
vaillant vaillant
tiedättekö veste
soita pokliči
selvä razumem
sanot praviš
pojat fantje
parempi bolje
osasto oddelek
oikeastaan pravzaprav
odota čakaj
mahdotonta nemogoče
maggie maggie
lapsi otrok
kulta dragi
ketään nikogar
jatka nadaljuj
holden holden
heippa adijo
frankie frankie
dewey dewey
ciarice clarice
avain ključ
ystävä prijatelj
ymmärrä razumeš
tulehan pridi
toivon želim
tehnyt storil
tavata veseli
tarkoitan mislim
summer summer
sanoit rekla
pitäisi morali
parempi boljši
onnea srečno
odottakaa počakajte
nicholas nicholas
myöhäistä prepozno
morgan morgan
lähellä blizu
kuullut slišal
kiitos prosim
kertonut povedal
juuri pravkar
huoli skrbi
huolehdi skrbi
hetkinen čakaj
halusin hotel
freddy freddy
etsin iščem
charlie charlie
burnett burnett
broken zlomljeni
auttaa pomagati
alpha alpha
aamulla zjutraj
ymmärrätkö razumeš
victor victor
vaikeaa težko
tiesin vedela
terve živjo
tehdä storiti
sykes sykes
silloin takrat
sanoo pravi
pysäytä ustavi
paitsi razen
outoa čudno
opettaja učitelj
odota počakajte
myöhemmin pozneje
miksei zakaj
liian preveč
lähdetään gremo
kuuletko slišiš
katsokaa poglejte
joseph joseph
hitaasti počasi
helvettiä vraga
hardcorea hardcore
ernie ernie
bobby bobby
asioita stvari
walsh walsh
verhot zavese
vaikea težko
uskomatonta verjeti
tulee prihaja
tervetuloa dobrodošel
tärkeää pomembno
sodassa vojni
sisälle noter
sisällä notri
sisään naprej
sanoin rekla
professori profesor
numero številka
näytä pokaži
näitkö videl
merrill merrill
lucky lucky
lontooseen london
liikettä gremo
kuulin slišal
kunnossa vredu
kerron povem
katsokaa poglej
katie katie
kapteeni kapetan
jackie jackie
hyvästi adijo
hienoa super
grace grace
fowler fowler
feffer feffer
eräänä nekega
bubba bubba
askeleen korakov
äkkiä hitro
viikon teden
verone verone
varma prepričana
vanha stara
valmiina pripravljen
vaikka čeprav
uskotko verjameš
teimme uspelo
tehdä narediti
tarvitsee potrebuje
steve steve
soitan pokličem
sandy sandy
roberto roberto
raivopäät razbijači
rahani denar
paris paris
päästä pusti
nigel nigel
nando nando
näkemiin adijo
nadia nadia
miten zakaj
mills millsova
miehitetty popolnjen
melanie melanie
martha marta
marski fowler
louis louis
liikaa preveč
jennifer jennifer
ihminen človek
hyvää dobro
hauskaa zabavno
graham graham
esteridge esteridge
billy billy
auttakaa pomagajte
anteeksi prosim
anderson anderson
agentti agent
ystäviä prijatelja
ylpeä ponosen
whiskey whiskey
weyland weyland
vihaat sovražiš
vapaus svoboda
tyttö dekle
tulkaa gremo
tehnyt naredil
täytyy moram
tarina zgodba
stariing starling
sonny sonny
sisään vstopi
rokkikoulu school
robert robert
rikas bogat
reilua pošteno
rauhallisesti počasi
ranskalaiset francozi
ramos ramos
prince prince
presidentti predsednik
poliisi policist
petey petey
pelkuri strahopetec
paremmin bolje
paras najboljša
paketti pošiljka
neiti gospa
musiikkia glasbo
mielenkiintoista zanimivo
mennään pojdiva
meidän morava
marlin marlin
luoja mojbog
linda linda
lecter lecter
löytää najti
lahja darilo
kysyä vprašam
kuolleet mrtvi
kertonut povedala
kaverit fantje
kauanko dolgo
kathy kathy
juuri točno
julie julie
jones jones
johnny johnny
jericho jericho
hitto sranje
hiljaa tišina
helppoa lahko
hauskaa smešno
harmi škoda
elijah elijah
crease crease
clarice clarice
avaimet ključe
ambrosius ambrosius
aloha aloha
akkadialainen arkadijec
ystäväni prijateljica
yritän poskušam
ymmärrätkö razumete
wiiiiams williams
wallaby wallaby
vostrikov vostrikov
vialla narobe
vannon prisežem
uskon mislim
ulkona zunaj
tytön dekle
turpa utihni
tulta ogenj
tulevaisuus prihodnost
tulee pride
trinity trinity
tottakai seveda
toinen druga
todella zares
tiennyt vedela
thomason thomason
tavata spoznati
tarvitsemme potrebujemo
tärppi sharkbait
tänne pridi
tahansa karkoli
sydney sydney
susan susan
suoraan naravnost
stifler stifler
sisään vstopite
sinun tvoje
siinä tukaj
senaattori senator
selvä jasno
seitsemän sedem
sanotaan pravijo
sanonut rekel
salamurhaaja morilec
sairaalaan bolnico
rusty rusty
reuben leuban
rakas dragi
rahaa denar
rachei rachel
prinssi princ
paskat sranje
olemassa obstaja
neiti gospodična
muista spomnim
minulla nimam
menkää pojdite
memnon memnon
martin martin
lupaa obljubi
lopuksi koncu
löysin našel
kuunnelkaa poslušajte
kuolleita mrtva
kuolla umreti
kuoli umrla
kulta zlato
kulta ljubica
kraven kraven
kommunistit komunisti
kokeile poskusi
kiirettä pohiti
kerron povedal
kavereita prijatelja
kaupungissa mestu
katsos poglej
katso poglejte
jonkun nekoga
iloinen vesel
illalliselle večerjo
ikuisesti večno
huora kurba
herää zbudi
heillä imajo
haloo prosim
griff griff
ehdotan predlagam
coleman coleman
carter carter
blade blade
bates bates
auttaa pomagal
astetta stopinj
aivan točno
ystäväsi prijatelj
viimeinen zadnji
viikolla teden
viesti sporočilo
vetoa stavim
varma prepričani
valmistautukaa pripravite
väliä važno
väliä pomembno
vaarassa nevarnosti
uutisia novice
tuttle tuttle
tuntee pozna
tunnetko poznaš
tulit prišel
tonja tonja
terve pozdravljen
teloittakaa ubijte
tehtävä storiti
teette počnete
tavallinen nihče
tarvitset potrebuješ
tarvitsen rabim
tahdo nočem
syödä jesti
sulje zapri
stacey stacey
sodan vojno
silti vseeno
sääntö pravilo
säännöt pravila
raskaana noseča
potter potter
piippu tweedy
petturi izdajalec
pelottaako bojiš
pelkäät bojiš
parempi boljše
palvelus uslugo
päästä spusti
onneksi čestitam
oikealle desno
näytän pokazal
naurettavaa smešno
nälkä lačen
muistan spomnim
moore moore
minnekään nikamor
miller miller
merkitsee pomeni
mennään pojdimo
menkää pojdita
mahdollista mogoče
mackelway mackelway
lesboja lezbijki
lapseni otrok
laden laden
kyydin prevoz
kuulostaa sliši
kuolleita mrtvi
kultaseni ljubica
konstaapeli detektiv
komarovski komarovski
kirja knjigo
kiitoksia najlepša
kerrohan povej
kaupunki mesto
kaunista čudovito
kaukana daleč
käänny obrni
jokin nekaj
javier javier
jätkät fantje
isoisä dedek
inkku ginger
iltaa večer
hyvästi zbogom
hitto prekleto
hienoa odlično
hienoa krasno
hetki sekundo
hetkinen počakaj
grinchiä grinča
etsivä detektiv
cvalda kvalda
conner conner
cindy cindy
carmen carmen
carlitos carlitos
canessa canessa
brown brown
bridge bridge
aseesi orožje
ylpeä ponosna
yksiköt enote
yhdeksän devet
yökettu night
woods woods
voittaa zmagati
viikkoa tedna
vihainen jezna
verheiden verheiden
velhotar čarovnica
vankilaan zapor
välitä vseeno
valaspesula pralnica
väärin narobe
uudestaan enkrat
tyytyväinen zadovoljen
tytöt punce
tytöt dekleta
työskentelen delam
tunney tunney
tunnen čutim
tulkaa pridite
tulen takoj
totta resnica
tomika tomika
toisinaan včasih
toinen drugi
toimii deluje
tohtori zdravnik
tietenkään seveda
tiesivät vedeli
tervetuloa dobrodošla
tekevät delajo
tehnyt naredila
tehdä storim
tarvitsetko potrebuješ
tanssija plesalka
takaisin vrnila
suutele poljubi
sotilas vojak
smith smith
siskoni sestra
sinun tvoja
selvä sprejeto
sanoa povedati
sairaalaan bolnišnico
riimejä rhyme
rentoudu sprosti
rauhoitu umiri
radio radio
pyydä opraviči
puhua pogovoriti
pormestari župan
polenin polenin
poika sinko
pitäisi morala
pimeää temno
pelätä strela
pakoon pobegniti
päivää zdravo
pahoillani oprostite
päällikkö kapetan
ongelmana problem
oldrich oldrich
nuori mlada
nopeus hitrost
nolan nolan
niles niles
muuten drugače
muuta drugega
mustasukkainen ljubosumen
murehdi skrbi
monsieur gospod
minuuttia minute
minuutissa minutah
minuutin minut
minusta mislim
menemme greva
meneillään dogaja
menee novega
mathayus matajus
matematiikka matematika
mahtavaa super
mahdollisuus priložnost
maanjäristys potres
luulisin mislim
lukea brati
lounas kosilo
linnaan dvorca
liikemies poslovnež
lawrence lawrence
laskekaa odvrzite
lapsia otrok
lääkintämies zdravnika
kysyä vprašati
kyllä seveda
kuulla slišati
kuulin slišala
kuule poglej
kuukautta mesecev
kuolen umrem
kukaan nobeden
kuittaan sprejeto
koske dotikaj
komentaja komandant
kohta pridem
kirjoitin napisal
kilometriä kilometrov
kevin kevin
kaupunkiin mesto
katsomaan pogledat
kanssani menoj
kaipaan pogrešam
juuri ravno
juotavaa pijačo
jumalat bogovi
jotakin nekaj
jossain nekje
jezková jezkova
jessus jezus
jerome jerome
jättäkää pustite
jatkakaa nadaljujte
ihmepoika incrediboy
idiootti idiot
hyvältä dobro
huono slaba
horace horace
hittoa vraga
hillary hillary
herrat gospoda
hermostunut živčen
helvetti hudiča
helvettiä hudiča
haluavat hočejo
haluatko hočeš
gower gower
francis francis
erilainen drugačen
elämäni življenje
eduardo eduardo
dunlap dunlap
didymus didymus
creedy creedy
cramer cramer
cindy sindi
briseis briseida
briii brill
benedict benedict
bender bender
beaumont beaumont
avatkaa odprite
avatkaa odpri
auttaa pomaga
aurinko sonce
archie archie
antonio antonio
anteeksi oprostita
ainoa edina
