kiitos gracias
missä dónde
haluan quiero
minulla tengo
koska porque
tehdä hacer
kukaan nadie
haluat quieres
ennen antes
kaikki todos
sinulla tienes
pahoillani siento
haluatko quieres
meillä tenemos
odota espera
minun tengo
halua quiero
anteeksi siento
tiedätkö sabes
tiedät sabes
nähnyt visto
huomenna mañana
sitten entonces
puhua hablar
koskaan nunca
olemme estamos
herra señor
tarvitsen necesito
harry harry
aikaa tiempo
oletko estás
paska mierda
kuollut muerto
oikeassa razón
minuuttia minutos
tietää saber
mennään vamos
rouva señora
rahaa dinero
nainen mujer
paljon mucho
missä donde
varma seguro
rahat dinero
derek derek
deeds deeds
kiltti favor
ensin primero
haluaa quiere
george george
eddie eddie
paras mejor
liian demasiado
parempi mejor
minäkin también
kulta cariño
sanoit dijiste
bruce bruce
yhdessä juntos
voinko puedo
sitten luego
sanoa decir
paris paris
joskus veces
totta verdad
mistä dónde
hänellä tiene
tuntia horas
kanssasi contigo
meidän tenemos
iltana noche
halusin quería
tiennyt sabía
luulin pensé
viisi cinco
milloin cuándo
kertaa veces
tehnyt hecho
auttaa ayudar
valmis listo
onnea suerte
nopeasti rápido
luuletko crees
kiitti gracias
kanssani conmigo
toivottavasti espero
rakastan quiero
huomenta buenos
tappaa matar
nähdään vemos
ketään nadie
david david
sekuntia segundos
jonkun alguien
dollaria dólares
anteeksi perdón
minne adónde
herrat caballeros
tyttö chica
sinun tienes
poika chico
pidän gusta
neiti señorita
kunnes hasta
jälkeen después
anteeksi disculpe
michael michael
uskoa creer
oletko estas
isäni padre
voimme podemos
tommy tommy
näyttää parece
muistatko recuerdas
koira perro
ikinä nunca
freddie freddie
terry terry
ongelma problema
kapteeni capitán
ihmiset gente
ajattelin pensé
tiesin sabía
tänään noche
kuuntele escucha
ymmärrä entiendo
marty marty
kiitoksia gracias
saanko puedo
poliisi policía
helena helena
ymmärrän entiendo
tarkoitat decir
meidän debemos
veljeni hermano
tapahtuu pasando
nimeni nombre
miksi porque
luulet crees
tarkoittaa significa
minne dónde
kuukautta meses
tehdä hacerlo
kuolla morir
joten entonces
james james
prinsessa princesa
paljonko cuánto
lapset niños
ainoa única
vauhtia vamos
työtä trabajo
ollut estado
kaunis hermosa
isäsi padre
hetki momento
voisin podría
vielä todavía
roxie roxie
olisi sería
maxine maxine
lupaan prometo
kuuntele escúchame
kädet manos
jeesus jesús
stanley stanley
shrek shrek
pyydän favor
minuutin minutos
metriä metros
laura laura
ystäväni amigo
vaimoni esposa
totta claro
toivon espero
prinssi príncipe
oscar oscar
neljä cuatro
larry larry
kuoli murió
äitini madre
välitä importa
tytöt chicas
tietysti claro
tervetuloa bienvenido
tarvitset necesitas
tarvitsemme necesitamos
puhut hablando
kenen quién
jutella hablar
houston houston
halusi quería
charlie charlie
tulee viene
totta cierto
patrick patrick
paskat mierda
paikka lugar
olemme somos
muistan recuerdo
mooses moisés
miljoonaa millones
kevin kevin
joseph joseph
ystäviä amigos
tunnen conozco
todella realmente
tiedä sabes
tarvitsee necesita
selvä acuerdo
nuori joven
naiset damas
nähdä verte
matty matty
kuulostaa suena
katso mírame
helppoa fácil
ymmärrätkö entiendes
totuus verdad
tiedämme sabemos
reuben reuben
pysty puedo
puhut hablas
pitäisi deberías
kuolleita muertos
justine justine
flynn flynn
ainoa único
viikkoa semanas
varma segura
tulla venir
teemme hacemos
töitä trabajo
potter potter
onnellinen feliz
myöhäistä tarde
luther luther
ihmisiä gente
hyvästi adiós
heippa adiós
hauskaa divertido
hänellä tenía
haintappaja tiburones
frankie frankie
davey davey
archie archie
anderson anderson
vittu mierda
väliä importa
tapahtui sucedió
soitan llamaré
pitäisi deberíamos
pitäisi debería
pahoillani lamento
olisi hubiera
odottaa esperar
mukaani conmigo
malkovich malkovich
jackie jackie
auttaa ayudarte
andie andie
turpa cállate
nancy nancy
myöhemmin luego
mennään vámonos
maverick maverick
mahdotonta imposible
kauanko cuánto
hiljaa cállate
hienoa genial
halua quieres
billy billy
anteeksi disculpa
vapaa libre
vaikeaa difícil
tervetuloa bienvenidos
tavata conocerte
tärkeää importante
sarah sarah
paige paige
nimensä nombre
järkeä sentido
eilen anoche
allie allie
äitisi madre
voisi podría
töihin trabajar
selvä bueno
nimesi nombre
naiset mujeres
musta negro
harold harold
haluat quieras
grace grace
ensimmäinen primera
dobby dobby
blake blake
uutisia noticias
tyler tyler
tunnin horas
takaisin volver
tahansa cualquier
sairas enfermo
parasta mejor
muistatko acuerdas
minäkään tampoco
mickey mickey
martin martin
marie marie
lenny lenny
kauan tiempo
jotkut algunos
jessica jessica
herrani señor
helvettiä diablos
haluaisin gustaría
batman batman
avaimet llaves
asioita cosas
yllätys sorpresa
wanda wanda
viikon semana
uskomatonta increíble
tulkaa vamos
tarkoitan decir
tapasin conocí
sinun debes
sanot dices
peter peter
myöhemmin tarde
myöhemmin después
myöhässä tarde
mihin donde
menee estás
lotte lotte
kultaseni cariño
kenraali general
herttua duque
herrat señores
ensimmäinen primer
alice alice
aamulla mañana
varovasti cuidado
varovainen cuidado
valmis lista
unohda olvídalo
turvassa salvo
totuuden verdad
tappaa matarme
takaisin vuelta
rakas cariño
nimesi llamas
kysymys pregunta
kuollut muerta
caitlin caitlin
benny benny
wayne wayne
viitsi vamos
viimeinen último
varmasti seguro
vaikka aunque
useimmat mayoría
thomas thomas
soita llámame
ruokaa comida
riittää suficiente
poika muchacho
perhe familia
näkemiin adiós
nähdään hasta
maailman mundo
lopeta detente
lennie lennie
kuuluu estás
hetki segundo
hauskaa gracioso
haluan necesito
goldie goldie
giles giles
angie angie
ystäväsi amigo
ystäväni amiga
viesti mensaje
vasemmalle izquierda
upham upham
tyhmä estúpido
tunne conozco
tosissasi serio
tietenkin supuesto
tarina historia
sisään entrar
sairaalaan hospital
paremmin mejor
morgan morgan
miehen hombre
melman melvin
kauan cuánto
idiootti idiota
hyvää bueno
hector héctor
hauska gusto
hansel hansel
christian christian
charles charles
yhdeksän nueve
viikolla semana
verta sangre
uirich ulrich
tuntuu siente
tunnet conoces
tietää saberlo
tärkeä importante
tapoit mataste
sanoin dicho
polly polly
pidätkö gusta
pelkuri cobarde
näitkö viste
naisen mujer
mihin dónde
mieheni esposo
merrin merrin
mahdollisuus oportunidad
mahdollista posible
lontooseen londres
löysin encontré
kumar kumar
kultaseni querida
kertoa decirme
keitä quiénes
juokse corre
ihmistä personas
huone cuarto
hetkinen espera
helvettiä demonios
craig craig
bateman bateman
avain llave
ajatella pensar
agentti agente
wiiiiam william
voisit podrías
viitsi favor
vaarallista peligroso
ulkona afuera
tohtori doctor
tiesit sabías
tarpeeksi suficiente
sonny sonny
seitsemän siete
rauhoitu cálmate
rabbit rabbit
professori profesor
presidentti presidente
pojat chicos
parempaa mejor
paljon tanto
ollaan estamos
nicholas nicholas
nälkä hambre
naiset señoras
mugatu mugatu
miksi porqué
luulin creía
luulet piensas
lapsia niños
lähellä cerca
kunnia honor
kenelle quién
heillä tienen
harvey harvey
halunnut quería
gordon gordon
ennen hasta
boris boris
avatkaa abran
anteeksi discúlpeme
äkkiä rápido
ajattelen pienso
aamuna mañana
zoolander zoolander
ystävä amigo
white castillo
toimii funciona
täydellistä perfecto
tarvitse necesito
tappanut matado
syytön inocente
stariing starling
soittaa llamar
sodan guerra
selby selby
rakastunut enamorada
puhumaan hablar
paitsi excepto
ongelmia problema
numero número
nouse levántate
lydia lydia
löytää encontrar
kelly kelly
katie katie
karen karen
holden holden
hiljaa silencio
hektor héctor
halua quiere
glass glass
francis francis
eversti coronel
ciarice clarice
chuck chuck
arvaa adivina
apuasi ayuda
amiraali almirante
ajattele piensa
aivan exacto
ainakin menos
ymmärtää entender
vihreä verde
vihainen enojado
verhot cortinas
vanha viejo
vaimo esposa
uskomatonta creer
tytön chica
tyrone tyrone
tuntuu siento
tulit viniste
toistan repito
tietenkin claro
täydellinen perfecto
tavata verte
tarvitse tienes
tappaa matarte
tapan matar
tanssia bailar
stella stella
søren soren
sally sally
sairaalassa hospital
ricky ricky
richard richard
rhett rhett
pelottaa miedo
palata volver
odota espere
niinkö veras
niinkö serio
nähdä verlo
muista recuerdo
mihin adónde
mieltä acuerdo
maailmassa mundo
lopeta basta
longfellow longfellow
liiku muevas
kuulin escuché
kuningatar reina
kertoa decir
kaukana lejos
jumalat dioses
johnny johnny
jimmy jimmy
jewel jewel
jericho jericho
hernandez hernández
helvetti maldita
haluaisin quisiera
haluaisin quiero
gloria gloria
etsin buscando
elokuva película
elijah elijah
dawson dawson
cougar cougar
coleman coleman
christina christina
calvess calvess
astetta grados
yritän intento
william william
vittu carajo
viimeinen última
viikolla pasada
viikko semana
vastaan contra
vasemmalla izquierda
vanhempani padres
valmiina listo
vaarallinen peligroso
tyttöä chica
tulta fuego
tulossa camino
tulla vamos
troijan troya
tosissani serio
tietysti supuesto
tiesitkö sabías
teillä tiene
tehty hecho
teette haciendo
teette hacen
taylor taylor
tapan mataré
sokea ciego
seuraava siguiente
selvä claro
sankari héroe
robin robin
riittää basta
rakas querido
puolet mitad
pommi bomba
pojat muchachos
ongelmia problemas
nimensä llama
nimeni llamo
naisia mujeres
myöhä tarde
muista recuerda
minuutissa minutos
miestä hombres
mielenkiintoista interesante
mentiin vamos
menetti perdió
luottaa confiar
kuulla escuchar
kulta querido
kulta cielo
kukas quién
koske toques
kirjoittaa escribir
kippis salud
katsotaan veamos
katso miren
juuri exactamente
juhlat fiesta
jackson jackson
iltaa noches
ikuisesti siempre
huoli preocupes
hittoa demonios
hienoa fantástico
herää despierta
hengitä respira
graham graham
frodo frodo
etsin busco
christie christie
carter carter
burnett burnett
bubba bubba
barry barry
auttaa ayudarme
asianajaja abogado
artur arturo
anteeksi perdona
ammuin disparé
ymmärrä entiendes
whiskey whiskey
welles welles
walsh walsh
veljesi hermano
väsynyt cansado
vastaus respuesta
vahva fuerte
uskomaton increíble
trigger trigger
tietenkään claro
täydellinen perfecta
tarkoitat refieres
tappoivat mataron
takaisin regreso
takaisin regresar
sokeria azúcar
santoro santoro
sanoivat dijeron
riippuu depende
rakastunut enamorado
rachel rachel
pursimies contramaestre
puntaa libras
puhuin hablé
pitää tengo
pieni pequeño
perheeni familia
paitsi además
ostin compré
onnettomuus accidente
naimisissa casado
muista acuerdo
miestä hombre
maury maury
matilda matilda
liikaa demasiado
laulaa cantar
kyttä policía
kysyä preguntar
kuolema muerte
kuolee muere
konstaapelit oficiales
katsokaa miren
kaipaan extraño
jumalauta maldición
huolehdi preocupes
hullua locura
hitto mierda
hittoa diablos
hetki minuto
henry henry
helvetti mierda
halusit querías
halunnut quise
haluatko quiere
haluamme queremos
edward edward
daniel daniel
chris chris
asiat cosas
anteeksi perdóname
algren algren
akhilleus aquiles
ystävät amigos
yritin intenté
ylhäällä arriba
willie willie
voittaa ganar
voitko puedes
victor víctor
vanhempasi padres
vanha vieja
valitan siento
uskotko crees
tuttle tuttle
tunnen siento
tulen estaré
troijalaiset troyanos
toimi funciona
tiedättekö saben
tiedäthän sabes
tekemässä haciendo
teemme hacer
täytyy necesito
tarvitsetko necesitas
tahdon quiero
syödä comer
soitti llamó
soitan llamo
sitten después
sisään adelante
sinusta gustas
sinulla tiene
sanonut dicho
ritari caballero
raskaana embarazada
rakas querida
pitänyt haber
pistettä puntos
perhettä familia
pelkää tengas
pelastaa salvar
ovatko están
ostaa comprar
olette usted
oikeasti serio
ohjelma programa
neiti jovencita
naimisiin casar
montako cuántos
mills mills
milloin cuando
miller miller
miehet hombres
metriin metros
menetin perdí
menetimme perdimos
menemme vamos
maxie maxie
luulin pensaba
lester lester
löysimme encontramos
lapset chicos
kysyä preguntarte
konstaapeli oficial
khaled khaled
kaveri amigo
kaunis hermoso
kaikkialla partes
iloinen feliz
ilmaiseksi gratis
ihminen humano
huonoja malas
hirviö monstruo
hirsch hirsch
hätänä ocurre
hartigan hartigan
häikäise deslumbrante
gordy gordy
ensimmäinen primero
ennenkin antes
doris doris
delia delia
connor connor
collins collins
brick ladrillo
brewer brewer
asiakkaita clientes
arvaa sabes
ansaitsee merece
alpha alpha
allen allen
äkkiä vamos
ajattelet piensas
ajattelet pensando
yritän tratando
voisitko podrías
voimmeko podemos
voima fuerza
vittua mierda
vitsi chiste
vitsi broma
viime anoche
vanha cuántos
vaimosi esposa
unohda olvídate
tunnetko conoces
tunne conoces
troija troya
todisteita pruebas
thomason thomason
tervetuloa bienvenida
tekevät hacen
tehtävä hacer
teemme haremos
täytyy tengo
täysin completamente
tarkalleen exactamente
tappaa matará
tapahtunut pasado
takaisin vuelve
töissä trabajo
sykes sykes
skynet skynet
sisällä adentro
sisään entra
siitä sobre
serkkuni primo
selvä comprendido
sanovat dicen
sanaa palabras
samoin también
salkku maletín
rosie rosie
rauhallisesti calma
preston preston
poliisi policia
poliisille policía
pelottaako miedo
paska carajo
paeta escapar
outoa extraño
onnelliseksi feliz
onneksi felicitaciones
olutta cerveza
olivat estaban
olisin hubiera
oikein correcto
oikeastaan realidad
oikealle derecha
oikealla derecha
odottakaa espera
odota momento
nygma nygma
nukkumaan dormir
naurettavaa ridículo
muuttunut cambiado
musiikkia música
murha asesinato
monta cuántas
miranda miranda
minulle conmigo
minne donde
meidän nuestro
matthew matthew
maksaa pagar
maggie maggie
maanjäristys terremoto
maanantaina lunes
lupasin prometí
lincoln lincoln
lancelot lancelot
lähdetään vámonos
kysymyksiä preguntas
komentaja comandante
kohtalo destino
kirkkoon iglesia
kiloa kilos
kiireinen ocupado
kaverit chicos
kaunista hermoso
kännissä borracho
kaikille todos
joosua josué
huora prostituta
hoidan encargo
hitto maldita
hetkinen momento
helvettiin infierno
helppo fácil
harrison harrison
goose goose
fiona fiona
etsivä detective
eteenpäin adelante
erilainen diferente
ehdotan sugiero
cellophane celofán
cedar cedar
calvessin calvess
bingo bingo
becker becker
audrey audrey
asiaa cosas
aseita armas
anteeksi permiso
ampua disparar
alkoi empezó
alhaalla abajo
akkadialainen acadio
ajattelin pensando
aivan correcto
yritin traté
ymmärrän comprendo
ymmärrä entiende
wentz wentz
voisimme podríamos
virhe error
viikossa semana
velma velma
vastaa contesta
vaivaa problema
uuden nueva
unohtanut olvidado
tykkää gusta
työtäni trabajo
tiennytkään sabía
tiedä sabemos
tekivät hicieron
tekeillä pasando
teistä ustedes
teddy teddy
tarkoittaa decir
tärkeintä importante
tapahtuu sucede
taistele lucha
tahdot quieres
spence spence
sotaan guerra
sormus anillo
sippora séfora
siellä habla
senttiä centavos
senaattori senador
sandy sandy
samppanjaa champán
prince prince
potkut despedido
poikaystävä novio
pieni pequeña
paskiainen bastardo
pakko hacerlo
ottelu pelea
ongelmasi problema
olisi fuera
odottanut esperando
nytkö ahora
noita bruja
neitsyt virgen
neiti señora
naimisiin casarme
myöhässä llegas
myöhään tarde
muistoja recuerdos
montereyhin monterey
montako cuántas
merkitsee significa
mennä irnos
menelaos menelao
mason mason
malfoy malfoy
machine máquina
maailma mundo
luota confía
lopettakaa basta
liikettä vamos
lecter lecter
laulaja cantante
lapsia hijos
lamar lamar
lähestyvät acercándose
lähdemme vamos
kuuma caliente
kuule escucha
kuollut murió
kuolen morir
kummituksia fantasmas
kulta querida
kulmaasi rincón
kirja libro
kertoa decirle
kaunis precioso
kauan tanto
katharine katarine
kapteeniluutnantti tyler
kanssamme nosotros
kaikkia todos
jonain algún
joceiyn jocelyn
jatka continúa
jäljellä queda
jäitä hielo
itseäsi mírate
isänsä padre
ihminen persona
ihanko serio
hyviä buenas
hyatt hyatt
hermostunut nervioso
helvetti joder
hätänä sucede
halunnut querido
haluat quiere
gamble gamble
freedom libertad
frank frank
erehdys error
ehdottomasti definitivamente
edvard edvard
dolly dolly
clarice clarice
charlie chariie
brewster brewster
benjamin benjamin
baker baker
anteeksi perdone
anteeksi discúlpame
anderton anderton
akilles aquiles
ajattelen pensando
adhemar adhemar
yrittää intentarlo
ylpeä orgullosa
wiiiiams williams
wendy wendy
weasley weasley
viikon semanas
vihaat odias
vauhtia rápido
vastata contestar
vanessa vanessa
valitse elegi
valita elegir
valehtelija mentiroso
valehtelija mentirosa
vaikuttavaa impresionante
vaarassa peligro
väärässä equivocado
uutta nuevo
unohdin olvidé
tyttöystävä novia
tykkään gusta
tyhmää estúpido
työsi trabajo
turkish turco
tuntenut sentí
tulkaa vengan
tulevaisuus futuro
tulet vienes
tommyn tommy
toivoa esperanza
toiset otros
tietoja información
tiesit supiste
tiesi sabía
teillä tienen
täytyy tiene
tavata conocerlos
tarpeeksi suficientemente
tarkoitat hablas
tarjoilija camarera
tappaja asesino
tapahtui pasado
tähti estrella
syytäni culpa
sydämeni corazón
surullista triste
sulje cierra
steve steve
soitin llamé
siskosi hermana
siskoni hermana
silloin entonces
sharp sharp
seuraava próximo
selittää explicar
sekunnin segundos
schwartz schwartz
sanoi dicho
samurai samurai
sammuta apaga
säännöt reglas
roland roland
rikkaita ricos
pystyn puedo
puolustus defensa
puhutaan hablar
puhun hablando
puhui habló
pitkälle lejos
pelkää miedo
pelastin salvé
paremmalta mejor
palaan vuelvo
päivää tardes
omura omura
olimme estábamos
oletetaan digamos
oikeasti verdad
odottaa esperando
nukkua dormir
norman norman
nimeä nombre
näyttää mostrarte
myydä vender
murhaaja asesino
murehdi preocupes
miehesi esposo
michelle michelle
mestari campeón
menemme iremos
meneillään pasando
memnon memnon
mandrake mandrake
mackelway mackelway
luutnantti teniente
luulevat creen
lichtenstein lichtenstein
laulu canción
lasten niños
lähtien desde
lähteä irnos
lähdetään vamos
kysyttävää preguntas
kuulostaa parece
kuolemaa muerte
kunnioitan respeto
krull krull
kraatteri cráter
kortit cartas
korkeutenne alteza
koittavan delante
kohti hacia
kirjoitin escribí
kirje carta
kiitollinen agradecido
kiire prisa
ketään alguien
kertoa decirte
kerro digas
kaupunki ciudad
karenin karen
kapteeniluutnantti teniente
kaplan kaplan
kamalaa horrible
kallen kallen
juuri justo
jatka sigue
jätit dejaste
järjestyy salir
istua sentarte
iloinen alegro
ihminen hombre
huoneessa cuarto
huomio atención
hillard hillard
hienoa grandioso
hienoa estupendo
heräsin desperté
hamlet hamlet
hamilton hamilton
häivy lárgate
haittaa importa
gawain gawain
freddien freddie
franky franky
feffer feffer
esimerkiksi ejemplo
diana diana
courtney courtney
brittien britones
becca becca
bates bates
älykäs inteligente
allenin allen
alderaaniin alderaan
aivan exactamente
aikaisin temprano
agamemnon agamenón
zidler zidler
yritti trató
yritän intentando
ympäri vuelta
yläkerrassa arriba
yksinkertaista simple
ykkönen número
williams williams
watts watts
voitte puede
voisin pudiera
vittua carajo
viruksen virus
vincent vincent
viimeksi última
viimeisen última
vietnamissa vietnam
vastauksen respuesta
varas ladrón
vanki prisionero
valkoinen blanco
välittömästi inmediatamente
valitettavasti desafortunadamente
valehtelit mentiste
valehdella mentir
vaikea difícil
väärässä equivocas
uskomatonta creerlo
uskoa creerlo
tyttöystäväsi novia
typerä estúpido
tyhmäksi estúpido
tunnetko conoce
tulevat vienen
troijalainen troyano
tottakai claro
todellako serio
tiennyt sabia
tiedän conozco
tekee haciendo
tehtävä misión
tehnyt hiciste
tehdään hagámoslo
täynnä lleno
tavannut conocido
tarvitse necesitas
tarpeeksi bastante
tapahtunut ocurrido
tanssi baila
takana detrás
tajua entiendo
taivaassa cielo
tahdo quiero
syyllinen culpable
sydän corazón
syömään cenar
susan susan
suljettu cerrado
suihkussa ducha
strutt strutt
stamper stamper
stacey stacey
sormuksen anillo
soita llama
sodassa guerra
sisaresi hermana
sisareni hermana
sisällä dentro
sillä porque
siksi porque
siitä pasado
seuratkaa síganme
seuraa sigue
seuraa compañía
selvä entendido
sanonut dijiste
sanoi decía
samat también
saman mismo
samaa mismo
saksalaiset alemanes
ripley ripley
riitä suficiente
rentoudu relájate
reilua justo
rauhoitu tranquila
rannalla playa
rakastan encanta
puhun hablo
puhelu llamada
puhelimessa teléfono
potilas paciente
pitäisikö debería
pilvessä drogado
pikku pequeño
pidän encanta
pianoa piano
perillä llegamos
perheesi familia
pelkäät temes
pelata jugar
pelastit salvaste
patience patience
paskiainen cabrón
pappi sacerdote
paljon mucha
palatsiin palacio
paine presión
paikan lugar
pääsi cabeza
onnittelut felicidades
oluen cerveza
olenko estoy
olemassa existe
oikeus derecho
oikea verdadero
oikeastaan realmente
ohjausraketit propulsores
odottakaa espere
odotamme esperamos
nimen nombre
nimeäsi nombre
nauhan cinta
näimme vimos
naimisiin casarse
naimisiin casarnos
nähdä verla
muuttaa cambia
mulkku estúpido
mukava agradable
mooney mooney
minuutti minuto
minullakin también
miljoona millón
mieti piensa
mietin pensando
mielelläni encantaría
mellish mellish
meistä nosotros
meille nosotros
mathews mathews
maahan suelo
maahan abajo
luultavasti probablemente
luuletko piensas
loput resto
liput entradas
lintu pájaro
lihaa carne
lepää descansa
leach leach
löysi encontró
layla layla
lapseni hijos
laita ponte
kysyin pregunté
kuvernööri gobernador
kuuntele escuche
kuole muere
kuolemme moriremos
kuittaan copio
kouluun colegio
kosto venganza
koska cuándo
koodi código
keskiyö medianoche
kertonut dicho
kerroksia capas
kerro dígame
kenobi kenobi
kenet quién
kello reloj
keksejä galletas
keith keith
keisari emperador
käyttäjäni usuario
käynyt estado
katsumoto katsumoto
katson déjame
katso mires
kassandra casandra
kananga kananga
kaikkien todos
julian julián
jotkut algunas
jättää dejar
jatkaa seguir
jätän dejaré
jänis conejo
jäljellä quedan
illalla noche
ihanaa maravilloso
hermostunut nerviosa
helvetti maldición
helvetti diablos
helvettiä mierda
heikko débil
hector hector
hauska gracioso
halusimme queríamos
haluavat quieren
haluaisitko gustaría
hallitus gobierno
green green
georgen george
frankenstein frankenstein
foster foster
etsimme buscamos
errol errol
erikoinen especial
ensimmäistä primera
edessäsi frente
dwight dwight
djinn djinn
danny danny
chicagossa chicago
castleen castillo
casely casely
calhoun calhoun
briseis briseida
brandt brandt
blaken blake
betelgeuse betelgeuse
begbie begbie
baxter baxter
barney barney
ballstein ballstein
auttakaa ayúdenme
auttakaa ayúdeme
arthur arthur
armollinen piedad
anteeksi lamento
annas déjame
ampumaan disparar
ampuko disparen
aloittaa empezar
alison alison
älähän vamos
ajatellut pensando
aivot cerebro
aidan aidan
agatha agatha
ystävällinen amable
ympyrä círculo
ymmärrä comprendo
ylpeä orgulloso
yllättynyt sorprende
yhtiön compañia
yhteistä común
yhtäkkiä repente
warren warren
voinut podía
viskiä whisky
virus virus
virtahepo hipopótamo
virheen error
viiden cinco
väsynyt cansada
varokaa cuidado
varoitan advierto
varmista asegúrate
vapaa listo
valtava enorme
valot luces
valmista listo
valmiina lista
vaimonsa esposa
vaimoni mujer
uudestaan nuevo
uskot crees
uskomme creemos
urhea valiente
tuska dolorosa
turpa cierra
tuoksuu huele
tuntuu sientes
tunsin sentí
tulla venga
tulevaisuudesta futuro
tuletko vienes
truman truman
tottakai supuesto
tosissasi bromeando
torontossa toronto
tohtori doctora
tissit tetas
tietysti seguro
tietenkään supuesto
tietää sabes
tieltä quítense
terveydenhoitaja enfermera
tervehdys saludos
tervehdi saluda
teimme hicimos
tehdä hacerme
teeny teeny
teemme haciendo
tavoittelimme alcanzamos
tavata conocerlo
tarvitsevat necesitan
tarinan historia
tarina cuento
takana atrás
tajuan entiendo
taivas cielo
syyni culpa
syntymäpäivää cumpleaños
suunnitelmia planes
suoraan directo
sunnuntaina domingo
sotilas soldado
sopimus trato
signaalin señal
shellie shellie
seuraavana siguiente
selvä seguro
sanotaan dicen
sanchez sanchez
sanani palabra
sanaakaan palabra
sääntö regla
runoutta poesía
robotti robot
rikos crimen
retail menudeo
reigart reigart
reiben reiben
raymond raymond
rakastin amaba
räjähtää estallar
pyysi pidió
pysty puedes
pysähdy detente
pyöreän redonda
puolen media
puhuu habla
puhun hablaré
puhelin teléfono
presidentin presidente
portia portia
poikaystäväni novio
poikamme nuestro
pimeässä oscuridad
pimeää oscuridad
pilotti piloto
phillips phillips
perjantaina viernes
pentagon pentágono
paskapuhetta mentira
paskaa mierda
palvelus hazme
palata regresar
paita camisa
paholainen demonio
päättyy acaba
päätin decidí
ottaa llevar
osoite dirección
osaan puedo
oraakkeli pitonisa
opetti enseñó
onneton infeliz
onnekas afortunado
olkaa favor
olisi habría
oisit hubieras
odotit esperabas
numerot números
nukketaiteilija titiritero
normaalia normal
nopeasti deprisa
nolan nolan
nimiä nombres
niinkö verdad
neuvo consejo
näytän mostraré
nathan nathan
näkymätön invisible
naisten mujeres
naimisissa casada
mutskuja gitanos
mustasukkainen celoso
musiikki música
murdock murdock
mukavaa bueno
montini montini
moneypenny moneypenny
mitään ningún
minunkin también
mikey mikey
mieti piénsalo
mielenkiintoinen interesante
miehiä hombres
menettänyt perdido
meitä nosotros
meidän tendremos
master master
malkovichissa malkovich
maljaa grial
majesteettinne majestad
mahtavaa genial
luuli pensó
loukkaantunut herido
lopettaa dejarlo
lopettaa colgar
lontoossa londres
longdale longdale
lomalle vacaciones
lentää volar
legenda leyenda
lecterin lecter
kyydin lleve
kyllä claro
kuunnelkaa escuchen
kuolevat mueren
kuoleman muerte
kunnioituksella debido
kuinka cuanto
koufax koufax
kopetsky kopetsky
komisario teniente
kohde objetivo
kirottu maldito
kirkossa iglesia
kirjoitti escribió
kirjeen carta
kirjailija escritor
kiitos favor
kiirettä apurate
kiinnosta importa
kerro dímelo
kengät zapatos
kävellä caminar
kaupunkiin ciudad
kaupungista ciudad
katso míralo
kadotin perdí
juuri acaba
juoda beber
jumalatar diosa
juhliin fiesta
jerome jerome
jeesus santo
järjestystä orden
jäädä quedarte
ihanko veras
idiootti tonto
hyppää salta
huonetta cuartos
huolissani preocupada
huolimatta pesar
hondo hondo
hollywood hollywood
holly holly
hinta precio
hiljaa calla
hieno bonita
hereillä despierto
hengitä respirar
helvetti demonios
helpoin fácil
heittää tirar
hätäile preocupes
hassua curioso
harold harol
haluaa desea
graalin grial
galahad galahad
evelyn evelyn
erotettu despedido
emilio emilio
elizabeth elizabeth
elektra elektra
ehdokas soltera
edessä frente
dorsia dorsia
donnie donny
donahue donahue
dobbyn dobby
datan dathan
cowboy vaquero
chick chick
chase chase
cecil cecil
callahan callahan
boxer boxer
bession bession
bernstein bernstein
auttaa ayudarlo
auttaa ayudarla
autan ayudaré
asuvat viven
asiaa hablar
asenne actitud
aseet armas
arvostan agradezco
armoa piedad
anteeksi disculpadme
amerikkalainen americano
älkää favor
ajatellut pensado
ääliö idiota
