kiitos obrigado
koska porque
haluan quero
tehdä fazer
kapteeni capitão
kaikki todos
miksi porque
minulla tenho
mennään vamos
anteeksi desculpe
meillä temos
herra senhor
halua quero
paska merda
deeds deeds
sitten então
olemme estamos
meidän temos
koskaan nunca
pahoillani sinto
odota espere
tapahtui aconteceu
sanoi disse
joten então
ennen antes
kukaan ninguém
varma certeza
sanoin disse
quinn quinn
takaisin volta
kuollut morto
minuuttia minutos
rocky rocky
auttaa ajudar
aikaa tempo
ensin primeiro
tietää saber
onnea sorte
tarvitsen preciso
täältä daqui
nopeasti rápido
halusin queria
tappaa matar
kiitos obrigada
yhdessä juntos
totta verdade
puhua falar
scoob scooby
rahaa dinheiro
oikeassa razão
parempi melhor
paljon muito
rouva senhora
luulin pensei
kanssani comigo
valmis pronto
minun tenho
vielä ainda
anteeksi licença
pyydän favor
pahoillani desculpe
tarvitsemme precisamos
poika garoto
kersantti sargento
kenraali general
ikinä nunca
bradford bradford
alfie alfie
adrian adrian
metriä metros
anteeksi sinto
voimme podemos
sanoit disse
sanoa dizer
rahat dinheiro
kiltti favor
balboa balboa
melkein quase
ihmiset pessoas
huomenna amanhã
toivottavasti espero
näyttää parece
tuntia horas
tarvitse precisa
poikani filho
miehet homens
mestari mestre
ketään ninguém
uskoa acreditar
toveri camarada
terry terry
olemme somos
apollo apollo
mestari campeão
luutnantti tenente
lupaan prometo
jotain alguma
jälkeen depois
herrat senhores
voinko posso
toivon espero
paras melhor
kuuntele escute
kuoli morreu
herttua duque
velma velma
tiesin sabia
rauhoitu calma
naimisiin casar
kuolla morrer
kertaa vezes
herrat cavalheiros
taylor taylor
saatana satanás
poika filho
paikka lugar
olisi seria
odota espera
haluat quiser
haluaisin gostaria
yksin sozinho
vähän pouco
takaisin voltar
pidän gosto
odottaa esperar
minäkin também
liian muito
jeesus jesus
gipson gipson
amiraali almirante
vauhtia vamos
tapahtuu acontecendo
sitten atrás
muistan lembro
minulle comigo
mcness mcness
jotain coisa
jäädä ficar
blake blake
uskoa acredito
tarkoitan dizer
shakespeare shakespeare
puhut falando
pitäisi deveria
nuori jovem
naiset senhoras
miksi porquê
kessu sargento
herrani senhor
chewie cheewe
allie allie
yritän tentando
tarkoitat dizer
sitten depois
scooby scooby
peter peter
parasta melhor
oikein certo
muistatko lembra
milloin quando
keisari imperador
kauan tempo
iltana noite
daphne daphne
arthur artur
aamulla manhã
yritin tentei
tunnen conheço
tulkaa vamos
tietenkin claro
sisään entre
sekuntia segundos
sarah sarah
pistettä pontos
mysteeri mistério
minne aonde
kulta querida
gavin gavin
doyle doyle
chris chris
ainoa única
viisi cinco
toinen outro
tohtori doutor
tarkoittaa significa
suuri grande
professori professor
pojat rapazes
jonkun alguém
helvettiä diabos
hector heitor
dougie duggie
brodie brodie
ystäväni amigo
ymmärrä entendo
thomas thomas
teemme faremos
robin robin
pitää tenho
nainen mulher
missä aonde
lähdetään vamos
kiittää agradecer
kiitos favor
drunken drunken
barnes barnes
anteeksi desculpa
algren algren
voisi poderia
vastaan contra
vanha velho
valitse escolha
tuomari excelência
totuus verdade
tiennyt sabia
teemme fazer
tänään noite
phuong phuong
myöhemmin tarde
mihin aonde
luulin achei
löytää encontrar
lapset crianças
kuukautta meses
kristus cristo
jenna jenna
hyvin muito
ainakin menos
väliä importa
työtä trabalho
toimii funciona
tekeillä acontecendo
täytyy tenho
tarina história
satine satine
sairas doente
pysty posso
ongelma problema
oikeassa certo
nuhru salsicha
mukaani comigo
meidän devemos
löysin encontrei
kiitoksia obrigado
iloinen feliz
huoli preocupe
helvettiin inferno
harvey harvey
harjoitus broca
elias elias
creed doutrinador
chariey charley
ystäviä amigos
winchell winchell
vincent vincent
viimeinen última
veljeni irmão
varovasti cuidado
uskon acredito
takana atrás
syödä comer
selvä certo
riittää chega
rakastan adoro
numero número
myöhäistä tarde
maailma mundo
longfellow longfellow
kysymys pergunta
kuolleita mortos
kunnia honra
kauan quanto
katsokaa vejam
jotakin coisa
joskus vezes
hieman pouco
hauskaa divertido
frank frank
francis francis
eilen ontem
dawson dawson
christina christina
ajatus idéia
ainoa único
agentti agente
ymmärrätkö entende
vittu merda
viimeinen último
verta sangue
vaarallista perigoso
tietysti claro
tavata conhecer
sydney sidney
suunnitelma plano
sisään entrar
shaggy salsicha
seuraava próximo
scott scott
ranskalaiset franceses
paulie paulie
patrick patrick
osasto compartimento
niinkö sério
miljoonaa milhões
kiitti obrigado
helppoa fácil
hauskaa engraçado
dollaria dólares
christian christian
brandi brandi
äkkiä rápido
yrittää tentar
yritä tente
viikolla semana
varovainen cuidado
valmentaja treinador
tytöt garotas
tunne conhece
tottakai claro
todella realmente
tiedämme sabemos
tervetuloa vindos
teette fazendo
tarvitsevat precisam
tärppi lscadetubarão
stella stella
sanonut disse
rohkea bravo
ongelmia problema
odottaa esperando
neljä quatro
minun minha
laura laura
lancelot lancelot
kuulostaa parece
komentaja comandante
kanssamme conosco
chuck chuck
bruce bruce
brown brown
antaa vamos
alpha alpha
ajattelin pensei
ymmärrän entendo
varma certo
unohdin esqueci
tyttö garota
täytyy precisa
tarvitsee precisa
tapahtunut aconteceu
takaisin volte
sinäkin também
sanotaan dizem
saanko posso
ritari cavaleiro
rakas querida
poliisi polícia
poika rapaz
poika menino
pitäisi devia
outoa estranho
ongelmia problemas
omura omura
olkaa favor
olette estão
nicole nicole
näyttää mostrar
myöhemmin depois
morpheus morpheus
morgan morgan
miehitetty tripulado
lopettaa parar
lääkäri médico
kulta querido
kertoa dizer
kaunis lindo
kaunis linda
kaunis bonita
katsumoto katsumoto
jumalauta maldição
jatkaa continuar
idiootti idiota
huolehdi preocupe
hengitä respire
hätänä problema
harold harold
graal graal
gardner gardner
dunne dunne
creedy creedy
burnett burnett
wladek wladyslaw
väärin errado
unohda esquece
tunne conheço
todella muito
tietokone computador
tiesi sabia
tekevät fazendo
tarvitset precisa
tapoit matou
takaisin voltem
taistella lutar
sulho pretendente
silent silent
preston preston
pieni pequeno
perhe família
pelata jogar
paris paris
onnekas sorte
noita bruxa
murdock murdock
monta quantos
michael michael
matthew matthew
maksaa pagar
mahdollista possível
luojan graças
löysimme encontramos
kuulitko ouviu
kuuletko ouvindo
koske toque
kirja livro
kaupunki cidade
kaukana longe
johtolankoja pistas
hyvästi adeus
hetki minuto
halunnut queria
graham graham
graalin graal
ehkäpä talvez
cedar cedar
carly carly
boxing boxing
blakeney blakeney
becker becker
apuri ajudante
anteeksi desculpem
antaa deixar
anderson anderson
yritti tentou
ymmärrätkö entendeu
whiskey whiskey
viimeksi última
vihaan odeio
varokaa cuidado
vahva forte
tietenkään claro
tehdään vamos
tarvitse preciso
tärkeä importante
tapasin conheci
tapahtuu acontece
tanssia dançar
töihin trabalhar
steve steve
skywalker skywalker
simon simon
serleena serleena
selittää explicar
samurai samurai
saatanan satanás
ritarit cavaleiros
raskaana grávida
poikasi filho
pitäisi deveríamos
pitää preciso
paskat merda
ostaa comprar
ollaan estamos
olette vocês
oletko estás
oikeasti sério
odottakaa esperem
nouse levante
niistä deles
neiti menina
näyttävät parecem
näkymätön invisível
naiset mulheres
mukava prazer
minuutin minutos
miksei porque
miehiä homens
meidän nosso
maailmassa mundo
lupasit prometeu
loput resto
lontooseen londres
kuule escute
kurtisaani cortesã
kultaseni querida
koulu escola
kertonut disse
karen karen
kaikki todas
juokse corra
jumalat deuses
jätti deixou
jatka continue
järkeä sentido
ikävä falta
hullu louco
hienoa ótimo
hetki segundo
heippa tchau
ginseng ginseng
etsiä procurar
connor connor
collins collins
chips chips
bravo bravo
banek banek
akkadialainen acádio
akilles aquiles
aavistustakaan idéia
vihollinen inimigo
viesti mensagem
vauhtia velocidade
vasen esquerda
vartijat guardas
vapaa livre
vaimosi esposa
vader vader
vaarassa perigo
vaarallinen perigoso
tyhmä estúpido
tulossa vindo
tosissasi brincando
toinen outra
tiennytkään sabia
tiedä sabemos
tervetuloa vindo
täytyy preciso
täydellinen perfeito
tarvitset precisar
tarpeeksi suficiente
tärkeää importante
suora direita
steven steven
spence spence
silti ainda
selvä claro
sanoinhan disse
sakea saquê
reilua justo
rauhallisesti calma
puhua conversar
pelkuri covarde
pelastaa salvar
parempaa melhor
paljonko quanto
ollut esteve
odottakaa espere
neill neill
näkemiin adeus
nähdään vemos
mietin pensando
miestä homens
mieli pensamento
merrin merrin
memnon memnon
maailman mundo
luultavasti provavelmente
luulet pensa
luulen creio
legenda lenda
kuunnelkaa escutem
kunnioitusta respeito
kommunistit comunistas
koira cachorro
kiirehdi rápido
kertoa contar
kerro conte
kerralla próxima
jalkapalloa futebol
heippa adeus
hauska engraçado
graalia graal
erittäin muito
ensimmäinen primeiro
ensimmäinen primeira
eddie eddie
brittien britânicos
brewersit brewers
avain chave
asiat coisas
anteeksi perdão
angel angel
ajattelin pensando
ajatella pensar
zidler zidler
ystäväsi amigos
ylpeä orgulhoso
yksinkertaista simples
wickles wickles
washington washington
voivat podem
voisin gostaria
viikkoa semanas
vauhtia rápido
vankilaan cadeia
valot luzes
valmiina prontos
välittömästi imediatamente
valehtele minta
valehdella mentir
vaivaa problema
uudestaan novamente
uskomatonta incrível
unohda esqueça
turvallista seguro
tuokaa tragam
tunnet conhece
tulossa chegando
tulkaa venham
tulee vindo
tosissasi sério
tommy tommy
tiesit sabia
tiedättekö sabem
teimme fizemos
tehty feito
tehdä faser
tappoi matou
tapan matar
tapahtuu acontecer
töissä trabalhando
tahansa qualquer
svenning svenning
suurin maior
sodan guerra
sisällä dentro
siitä sobre
sherman sherman
sanovat dizem
sankari herói
rahoja dinheiro
pullings pullings
prinssi príncipe
poliisille polícia
poikki corta
pidätkö gosta
perheeni família
pennebaker pennebaker
pelastit salvou
paljon tanto
pahoillani lamento
päähän cabeça
onnettomuus acidente
onnettomuudessa acidente
oikeasti verdade
ohjelma programa
nytkö agora
nopeammin rápido
muuttaa mudar
muista lembra
mountain montanha
miekka espada
maski máscara
martin martin
marlon marlon
maassa terra
luottaa confiar
lawrence lawrence
larry larry
kuuntele escuta
kuuma quente
kuulla ouvir
kuollut morta
kuolema morte
kukkia flores
kuinka quanto
korkeutenne alteza
kohtalosi destino
kirjeet cartas
kenneth kenneth
juuri exatamente
juuri acabei
juniori junior
james james
jabba jabba
hiljaa silêncio
hiljaa quieto
hetkinen espere
helvetti porra
helvetti merda
hauskaa graça
gawain gawain
gates gates
galahad galahad
fowler fowler
etsin procurando
elossa vivos
djinn djinn
diana diana
coolsville coolsvile
charles charles
carter carter
briseis briseida
blaken blake
bingo bingo
begbie begble
asiakkaita clientes
amerikkalainen americano
ajattelin achei
ajatellut pensando
zarthan zartha
yllätys surpresa
willam willam
vostrikov vostrikov
voittaja vencedor
voisin poderia
vitsi piada
viikon semana
viedä levar
velhotar feiticeira
vastata responder
vastaa responda
vartijat segurança
varmasti certeza
varasti roubou
valmiina pronto
välitä importa
valerie valerie
valehtelija mentiroso
valasta baleianês
vaivaa acontecendo
vaikka mesmo
väärinkäsitys engano
väärässä enganado
uskomatonta inacreditável
uskomaan acreditar
uidaan nadando
tykkään gosto
työni trabalho
tunney tunney
tunnetko conhece
tucker tucker
torpedo torpedo
toisella outro
todella mesmo
timantit diamantes
tiger tiger
tietävän saiba
teitä vocês
teillä vocês
tehtävä fazer
tehnyt feito
täydellistä perfeito
tappamaan matar
taloja aprontar
tällä desta
töitä trabalho
starinski starinski
soita ligue
sodassa guerra
smith smith
sitaran tocador
selvä entendido
sellaista assim
runkkari cabrão
pyytää pedir
puolet metade
puhelinta telefone
polenin polenin
pojat meninos
plankton plankton
pitäisi devemos
paskiainen canalha
paremmin melhor
pappi padre
palata voltar
palannut voltou
pahoillani desculpa
paeta escapar
olutta cerveja
olisi fosse
oikeassa certa
nathan nathan
naisen mulher
muutaman alguns
musta negro
murhaaja assassino
munson munson
mulla tenho
misha misha
minuutti minuto
mielenkiintoinen interessante
miehistö tripulação
mennä vamos
meidän precisamos
mandrake mandrake
mahdollisuus chance
luulee pensa
luota confie
lintu pássaro
linna castelo
laulaa cantar
laukaisuun lançamento
lauantaina sábado
lapsia crianças
lähdetään embora
kuollut morreu
kuolen morrer
kuole morra
kuolee morre
kunnossa legal
kukaan alguém
kuittaan entendido
koodi código
klaara darla
kirjoitin escrevi
kirjailija escritor
kiloa quilos
kessu sarge
kerron dizer
kaverit pessoal
kaupunkiin cidade
kauanko quanto
kamera câmera
julie julie
jotkut algumas
jatkakaa prossiga
jatkakaa continue
jätin deixei
jared jared
jacobo jacobo
iltaa noite
illalla noite
ihmisiä pessoas
ihanko sério
hyppää entre
hullu maluco
hitto merda
hittoa diabos
hiljaa quieta
henkilökohtaisesti pessoalmente
helppo fácil
gordon gordon
george george
franklin franklin
erotettu despedido
emilio emilio
chevasse chevasse
cecil cecil
carol carol
calhoun calhoun
avatkaa abram
auttakaa socorro
autoon carro
apina macaco
ampua matar
aloita comece
ajattele pense
aivan certo
aamuna manhã
