kiitos danke
miksi warum
mitään nichts
paris paris
sanoi sagte
jotain etwas
thomas thomas
kaikki alles
vivien vivien
takaisin zurück
oikeassa recht
haluat willst
alice alice
huomenta morgen
charlie charlie
helena helena
varma sicher
tänään heute
mistä woher
mikset warum
kulta schatz
huomenna morgen
haluatko willst
tohtori doktor
tapahtui passiert
sanoin sagte
kuningas könig
tulee kommt
tarvitsen brauche
peter peter
odota warte
monsieur monsieur
auttaa helfen
ymmärrän verstehe
toivottavasti hoffe
myöhemmin später
tyttö mädchen
mooses moses
luulin dachte
tarpeeksi genug
ennen bevor
tiedät weißt
kahvia kaffee
david david
tietää wissen
puhua reden
kotiin hause
miksi wieso
meillä haben
kukaan niemand
brandon brandon
rupert rupert
blalock blalock
täytyy müssen
nähnyt gesehen
faith faith
vuotta jahre
vettä wasser
tommy tommy
rakastan liebe
minuuttia minuten
minne wohin
mennään gehen
kiitos vielen
foley foley
vuotta jahren
tiedätkö weißt
onnea glück
haloo hallo
phillip phillip
joskus manchmal
charles charles
batman batman
anteeksi verzeihung
tappaa töten
roger roger
paroni baron
nähdä sehen
katso schau
ainoa einzige
tulen komme
tiesin wusste
paska scheiße
parempi besser
olisi hätte
herrat herren
ellis ellis
bruce bruce
billy billy
ystäviä freunde
trelkovski trelkovsky
todella wirklich
tervetuloa willkommen
poika junge
mookie mookie
mennä gehen
marie marie
kitos danke
kauan lange
kaiken alles
haluan möchte
eilen gestern
anteeksi entschuldigung
anteeksi entschuldigen
ajattelin dachte
wilson wilson
wayne wayne
voisin könnte
veljeni bruder
toinen andere
simone simone
onnellinen glücklich
näyttää sieht
lapsia kinder
kunnossa ordnung
hektor hektor
hätänä fehlt
harper harper
frank frank
ystäväni freund
yhdessä zusammen
wonder wonder
tiedätkö wissen
tarkoitat meinst
sanoa sagen
richard richard
professori professor
mikään nichts
kaunis schön
james james
halusin wollte
dollaria dollar
ymmärrä verstehe
yksin allein
vannon schwöre
tuntia stunden
tulkaa kommen
tiedämme wissen
tappaa umbringen
logan logan
little little
kuullut gehört
kukaan keiner
hetkinen moment
halusi wollte
dewald dewald
birdy birdy
berthold berthoid
william william
victor victor
totta stimmt
tiennyt wusste
tehnyt getan
takaisin wieder
selvä ordnung
sanoin gesagt
sairas krank
prinssi prinz
olkaa bitte
naiset damen
luther luther
kaikkea alles
kädet hände
janet janet
iltaa abend
hyvin ordnung
hullu verrückt
henry henry
hänen seine
halua möchte
aivan genau
yritän versuche
vihaan hasse
tiedä ahnung
tärkeää wichtig
tapahtunut passiert
töihin arbeit
sinun musst
pormestari mayor
näytät siehst
näkemin wiedersehen
naimisiin heiraten
näetkö siehst
muistan erinnere
mcciane mcciane
kotona hause
konstaapelit beamte
kertoa sagen
isäni vater
hooker hooker
hitto verdammt
brewer brewer
anteeksi vergeben
akhilleus achilleus
ystävä freund
veljesi bruder
varjak varjak
unohda vergiss
totta natürlich
tiedät wissen
sisään herein
selittää erklären
sanoit sagtest
paremmin besser
näkemiin wiedersehen
miksei warum
mihin wohin
lähestyvät sinkend
kohta gleich
kiltti bitte
kentley kentley
juuri genau
joosua josua
iltaa guten
ihminen mensch
helvettiä teufel
hänellä hatte
ensin zuerst
danny danny
varovainen vorsichtig
uskoa glauben
tytöt mädchen
totuus wahrheit
toivon hoffe
tiedä wissen
tarkoittaa bedeutet
sisaresi schwester
sippora sephora
sinulla haben
siksi deshalb
rosemary rosemary
päivää hallo
outoa seltsam
odota moment
naiset frauen
muuta anderes
motta motta
mistä wovon
menelaos menelaos
münchausen münchhausen
lonnegan lonnegan
lomalla urlaub
kuoli starb
kuninkaan königs
kirjoja bücher
jäädä bleiben
isäsi vater
ensimmäinen erste
edward edward
eddie eddie
dunlap dunlap
cromwell cromwell
chase chase
brittney brittney
bridge bridge
äitini mutter
yritin wollte
ylpeä stolz
viime letzte
valmis fertig
uskon glaube
tytön mädchen
tunnen kenne
toistan wiederhole
tappaja killer
töitä arbeit
sisään reinkommen
sinne dorthin
senaattori senator
sairaalassa krankenhaus
riittää reicht
puhua sprechen
presidentti präsident
pommi bombe
pitäisi solltest
pitäisi sollten
pelastaa retten
paras beste
onnettomuus unfall
odotan warte
nimesi heißt
montereyhin monterey
miten warum
minnie minnie
miller miller
meidän müssen
margaret margaret
madame madame
luottaa vertrauen
lintu vogel
löytää finden
laulaja sängerin
lähteä gehen
kysyä fragen
kunpa wünschte
kuningatar königin
kraler kraler
kissa kater
katsokaa sehen
kananga kananga
kaikki aiies
jutella reden
julian julian
hyatt hyatt
huone zimmer
holly hoiiy
harold harold
haluat wollen
alfred alfred
aamulla morgen
voisi könnte
vittu scheiße
vihainen sauer
valmis bereit
uskomatonta unglaublich
tulevat kommen
toivon wünschte
timmons timmons
taussig taussig
tarvitsee braucht
tarjoilija kellnerin
taggart taggart
stella stella
seitsemän sieben
ruokaa essen
rosie rosie
rosewood rosewood
roman roman
raskaana schwanger
pyydän bitte
pojat jungs
palatsiin palast
olisin hätte
odottaa warten
odota warten
nygma nygma
numero nummer
norman norman
niles niles
näytän zeige
mukava schön
mitään schon
mirza mirza
minuutissa minuten
menet gehst
majuri major
mahdollista möglich
luulen denke
longmire longmire
kuusi sechs
kirjat bücher
kiitti danke
keskiviikko mittwoch
juhlat party
jackson jackson
heippa wiedersehen
hauskaa witzig
harry harry
halunnut wollte
faithin faith
etsivä detective
elämä leben
donald donald
choule choule
butts butts
baines baines
ymmärrä verstehst
world world
woodhouse woodhouse
wolsey wolsey
voinut konnte
voimme können
viikkoa wochen
vihainen wütend
vastaa antworte
vaarallinen gefährlich
useimmat meisten
tyytyväinen zufrieden
tulossa komme
tuletko kommst
totuuden wahrheit
totta sicher
tosissani ernst
tietysti natüriich
tiesit wusstest
terve hallo
terry terry
tekee macht
tarkoitan meine
tänne hierher
soita rufen
smiley smiley
sekuntia sekunden
saxon saxon
samppanjaa champagner
rakastan iiebe
rafael rafael
poliisi polizei
pierre pierre
pianoa klavier
pelkää angst
paljonko wieviel
paiomies feuerwehrmann
ollut warst
nopeasti schnell
nimeni heiße
niinkö wirklich
näyttää zeigen
naimisissa verheiratet
mutanttien mutanten
muistatko erinnerst
morris morris
meidän sollten
margot margot
luulen glaube
luulee denkt
lupaan verspreche
kyklooppi zyklop
kuuletteko hören
koulussa schule
koskaan niemals
kortit karten
kirjoittaa schreiben
kiitos bitte
ketään niemanden
kerro erzähl
katso sehen
kassandra kassandra
jumalan gottes
jessica jessica
ihmiset leute
hyvästi wiedersehen
hyvää guten
huoli sorge
hitto scheiße
hittoa teufel
hitaasti langsam
hiljaa ruhig
heprealainen hebräer
hauska angenehm
hankaluuksia ärger
haluaa möchte
gordy gordy
gondorff gondorff
franklin franklin
espanjassa spanien
enosi onkel
enoni onkel
dussel dussel
ciaudio claudio
chariey chariey
cadell cadell
beverly beverly
auttakaa helft
astronautit astronauten
aseen waffe
antaa schon
äitisisko mother
äitisi deine
