pourquoi warum
merci danke
maintenant jetzt
toujours immer
forrest forrest
crois glaube
vraiment wirklich
enfants kinder
ville stadt
demain morgen
aider helfen
mourir sterben
fille mädchen
quelque etwas
parler reden
guerre krieg
faith faith
avant bevor
raison recht
pourquoi wieso
police polizei
famille familie
bonjour guten
voulais wollte
tyler tyler
notre unser
mieux besser
amour liebe
salut hallo
comprends verstehe
spaceballs spaceballs
maghan maghan
assez genug
savoir wissen
femmes frauen
jenny jenny
attends warte
problème problem
saburo saburo
princesse prinzessin
notre unsere
personne niemand
hitler hitler
autres anderen
pâris paris
lieutenant lieutenant
hélène helena
connais kenne
parler sprechen
frère bruder
avait hatte
troie troja
minutes minuten
batman batman
victor victor
takahashi takahashi
semaine woche
sarah sarah
hommes männer
bonjour hallo
sauver retten
parfois manchmal
oncle onkel
histoire geschichte
espère hoffe
entendu gehört
bienvenue willkommen
besoin brauche
mamadi mamadi
fille tochter
chance glück
valise koffer
parents eltern
cette diese
savez wissen
rafael rafael
peron perón
pensais dachte
passé passiert
numéro nummer
longtemps lange
jésus jesus
contre gegen
avais hatte
arrivé passiert
starr starr
personne keiner
jouer spielen
comment woher
vespa vespa
suffit reicht
semaines wochen
question frage
professeur professor
prince prinz
kerfa kerfa
faire machen
enfer hölle
chambre zimmer
cette dieses
aurais hätte
wakhané wakhané
vérité wahrheit
reine königin
miles miles
lumière licht
jours tagen
harper harper
führer führer
connais kennst
chance chance
bubba bubba
bonsoir abend
autre andere
visage gesicht
varsovie warschau
tante tante
siletsky siletsky
ricky ricky
partir gehen
mariage hochzeit
fight fight
elizabeth elizabeth
docteur doktor
comprendre verstehen
yogurt yoghurt
trouver finden
savais wusste
rumson rumson
questions fragen
murdoch murdoch
merde scheiße
heures stunden
destin schicksal
armée armee
voulait wollte
saturnin saturnin
pouvez können
hôtel hotel
galère plackerei
costume anzug
choses dinge
bruce bruce
boulot arbeit
barry barry
avons haben
autre anderen
wayne wayne
vivre leben
pudding pudding
perdu verloren
merci vielen
jamais niemals
homme mensch
heure stunde
gauche links
frères brüder
cherry cherry
accident unfall
soleil sonne
regarde schau
réponse antwort
promis versprochen
plaît bitte
merde verdammt
marla marla
ménélas menelaos
important wichtig
douleur schmerz
dangereux gefährlich
croyais dachte
croire glauben
connor connor
connaissez kennen
attendez moment
aller gehen
vient kommt
souvenirs erinnerungen
reste bleib
rentrer hause
projet projekt
plait bitte
pense denke
pablo pablo
indestructible incredible
impossible unmöglich
droite rechts
drôle komisch
dormir schlafen
derrière hinter
désert wüste
danger gefahr
carter carter
besoin brauchen
autre anderes
attendre warten
attendez warten
armes waffen
voiture wagen
shaolin shaolin
rodéo rodeo
messieurs herren
messie messias
message nachricht
isabelle isabel
hector hektor
général general
faute schuld
corps körper
copine freundin
chose etwas
besoin braucht
appartement wohnung
années jahre
voulez wollen
venez kommen
travail arbeit
sauvé gerettet
rideaux vorhänge
petit junge
palais palast
oublie vergiss
million million
malade krank
mains hände
kelly kelly
helmet helmchen
garçon junge
filles mädchen
dollars dollar
crois glaub
colonel gruppenführer
cherche suche
carte karte
avion flugzeug
autres andere
arrive komme
angéla angela
viens komme
trouve finde
trouvé gefunden
travaille arbeitet
téléphone telefon
secret geheimnis
reese reese
president präsident
photos fotos
partout überall
oublié vergessen
musique musik
minute moment
marie maria
maria maria
londres london
kurogane kurogane
judas judas
jérusalem jerusalem
instant moment
exactement genau
esprit geist
ensemble zusammen
ennemi feind
dobosh dobosh
diane diane
déteste hasse
compris verstanden
changer ändern
cette dieser
bombe bombe
battre kämpfen
audrey audrey
école schule
viens kommst
timmons timmons
soeur schwester
seule einzige
sartorius sartorius
sérieux ernst
robert robert
remercie danke
petite kleine
personne niemanden
paris paris
morts toten
miles meilen
meilleur beste
grace grace
entendre hören
encore wieder
ehrhardt ehrhardt
edward edward
druidia druidia
devrait sollten
dernière letzte
dehors draußen
croix kreuz
crevettes shrimps
course rennen
constantine constantine
comprenez verstehen
comprends verstehst
colonel colonel
cheval pferd
chancing chancing
calme ruhig
bugsy bugsy
blousey blousey
attention vorsicht
attendez wartet
actrice schauspielerin
achille achilleus
venez kommt
vaisseau schiff
tanks panzer
tango tango
sparte sparta
spaceball spaceball
skroob skroob
secondes sekunden
savon seife
reviens gleich
rester bleiben
reste bleibe
raison grund
règle regel
première ersten
pourrais könnte
place platz
partenaire partner
parle redet
nouveau neuen
mulligan mulligan
mariée verheiratet
manger essen
madame madam
katerina kathe
kaminski kaminski
grecs griechen
gestapo gestapo
expliquer erklären
espoir hoffnung
entre zwischen
enfin endlich
durden durden
devrais solltest
dîner essen
crois glaubst
couteau messer
comment wieso
christine christine
chase chase
betty betty
besoin brauchst
beach beach
attend wartet
épouser heiraten
alabama alabama
voyage reise
voulu wollte
voulez willst
violette violetta
veulent wollen
venir kommen
tuttle tuttle
travaille arbeite
temple tempel
suite sofort
soldats soldaten
soldat soldat
sandurz sandfurz
riche reich
revoir wiedersehen
promets verspreche
prêtres priester
pouvoir macht
perdre verlieren
pense glaube
parie wette
oublier vergessen
nazareth nazareth
morgan morgan
lettre brief
langue zunge
koumbi koumbi
kélétigui kélétigui
kaede kaede
heureux glücklich
henry henry
garder behalten
fulgurant mächtiges
football fussball
facile leicht
essaie versuche
erreur fehler
dirait sieht
devrais sollte
combinaison kombination
chercher suchen
chérie schatz
chaque jeden
cette diesem
cause wegen
capitaine kapitän
bateau schiff
ayabe ayabe
avant vorwärts
attention vorsichtig
attendez warte
étaient waren
argentine argentinien
appelé angerufen
angeles angeles
allez gehen
allah allah
agence agentur
accord ordnung
abord zuerst
yatabéré yatabéré
votre deine
veste jacke
troyens trojaner
troisième dritten
tatopoulos tatopoulos
suivant nächste
suicide selbstmord
statue statue
souviens erinnerst
souviens erinnere
snaut snaut
savent wissen
savait wusste
radar radar
python python
priam priamos
première erste
portes türen
plaisir vergnügen
pinot pinot
pardon bitte
péchés sünden
oiseau vogel
occupé beschäftigt
monde jeder
minute minute
merrill merrill
marier heiraten
mammon mammon
lance speer
jessica jessica
inquiétez sorge
hooker hooker
heureuse glücklich
helen helen
héros helden
guibarian gibarjan
golikov golikov
esclave sklavin
enfants kindern
empereur kaiser
dommage schade
dites sagen
dingue verrückt
dimanche sonntag
devons müssen
detective privatdetektiv
demander fragen
crois denke
couvent kloster
copain freund
connaître kennen
confiance vertrauen
compagnie gesellschaft
cigarette zigarette
cieux himmel
cible zielobjekt
chercher holen
chéri schatz
changé geändert
chanceux lucky
carly carly
capitaine captain
célèbre berühmt
bouteille flasche
boire trinken
avant früher
attends wartet
étais warst
arrive passiert
angleterre england
amérique amerika
altesse hoheit
aimes liebst
aimerais würde
adresse adresse
écoutez hören
voulez möchten
voulais wolltest
virgile virge
vidal vidal
verre drink
valium valium
tunnel tunnel
traître verräter
table tisch
solution lösung
soirée party
sobinski sobinski
snyder snyder
sinon sonst
shell shell
seuls allein
seule allein
secrets geheimdienst
secours hilfe
scott scott
sœurs schwestern
saleem saleem
sacrifice opfer
route straße
riverside riverside
respirer atmen
rentre hause
reculez zurück
ranch ranch
quelle welche
publié veröffentlicht
possible möglich
peuple volkes
petit kleiner
pensé dachte
parmi unter
parles redest
parle spricht
pélagosa pelagos
nancy nancy
nanawatai nanawatai
mouillée angsthase
montrer zeigen
miracles wunder
midnite midnite
mètres meter
matin morgen
marteau hammer
louise louise
ligne leitung
lieutenant leutnant
leroy leroy
lchimonji lchimonjis
larouge higloss
koverchenko koverchenko
jumeaux zwillinge
jeune junger
jambes beine
isabel isabel
inspecteur kommissar
indestructiboy incrediboy
incroyable unglaublich
humains menschen
hollywood hollywood
hiver winter
hidetora hidetora
grotte höhle
gondorff gondorff
gabriel gabriel
francs francs
folle verrückt
fleurs blumen
finale finale
félicitations herzlichen
exact stimmt
europe europa
entends hörst
ecoutez hören
dynamite dynamit
dormi geschlafen
disparu verschwunden
disais sagte
différent anders
dieux götter
demande frage
désolé entschuldigung
démolisseur wrecking
déjeuner frühstück
cousin cousin
combat kampf
cinglé verrückt
chaussures schuhe
chérie liebling
californie kalifornien
cadeau geschenk
bouffe essen
blessé verletzt
billy billy
bible bibel
beeman beeman
barbara barbara
baptiste täufer
balla balla
badal badal
avenue avenue
avenir zukunft
aurait hätten
athéna athene
était waren
armées armeechef
appelle heiße
américains amerikaner
allez kommt
akagawa akagawa
voyez sehen
vivants lebenden
vierge jungfrau
victoria victoria
verra sehen
verrai sehen
université college
unité einheit
tsurumaru tsurumaru
troyen trojaner
toute ganze
touchez rührt
théorie theorie
terminator terminator
terminé fertig
tallulah tallulah
stephanie stephanie
stark stark
soyez seien
solaris solaris
situation situation
singer singer
seconde sekunde
schultz schulz
schreber schreber
savons wissen
savez wisst
savez weißt
samad samad
salue grüsse
sainte heilige
romains römer
revoir tschüss
responsable verantwortlich
respect respekt
reign reign
regretterez bereuen
regardez schaut
raymond raymond
répète wiederhole
raconté erzählt
récolte erntet
rabbi rabbi
problèmes ärger
prenez nehmt
prenez nehmen
prends nehme
premier erste
président präsidenten
pourquoi weshalb
pologne polen
planches platten
pitié erbarmen
piano klavier
phalanges knuckles
paulson paulsen
patrocle patroklos
patience geduld
parle reden
parlabas whichaway
pardon entschuldigung
papiers papiere
ordre befehl
ombre schatten
nouvelle neues
nouvelle nachricht
montana montana
mission mission
miracle wunder
mieux bestes
meurt stirbt
mesdames damen
maison hause
maître meister
limbes limbus
liberté freiheit
kaboom kabumm
justice gerechtigkeit
juifs juden
johnny johnny
jardin garten
japon japan
grande große
gotham gotham
geste bewegung
futur zukunft
fujimaki fujimaki
finie vorbei
ferais würde
farceur oddball
fantômes geister
facile einfach
exemple beispiel
espère hoffentlich
espagne spanien
ennemis feinde
disent sagen
dernier letzte
demie halbe
demandé gebeten
départ start
dîner abendessen
dandy dandy
démons dämonen
décidé beschloss
cuisine küche
crains fürchte
couru rannte
corps leiche
connaît kennt
clients kunden
chloé chloe
chine china
cherche suchen
chauffeur fahrer
chérie cherie
cassandre kassandra
capitale hauptstadt
burton berton
berlin berlin
belmont belmont
belle schön
balance balance
autre sonst
attention achtung
attends warten
attends moment
étoiles sterne
étions waren
après danach
appris gelernt
apprendre lernen
appelle nennt
aimer lieben
aeroport flughafen
acteur schauspieler
