danke gracias
jetzt ahora
bitte favor
willst quieres
vater padre
mutter madre
immer siempre
kannst puedes
freund amigo
reden hablar
weißt sabes
morgen mañana
jemand alguien
bruder hermano
wollte quería
sterben morir
sagen decir
houston houston
nacht noche
mädchen chica
david david
gesehen visto
haben tenemos
familie familia
angst miedo
minuten minutos
warte espera
scheisse mierda
niemand nadie
paris paris
krieg guerra
leute gente
können podemos
kinder niños
harold harold
frauen mujeres
besser mejor
recht razón
stadt ciudad
arbeit trabajo
wusste sabía
sheriff sheriff
sicher seguro
möchte quiero
brauche necesito
bevor antes
kaiser emperador
gesagt dicho
gegen contra
weisst sabes
problem problema
vielleicht quizá
männer hombres
stunden horas
richard richard
abend noche
helena helena
traum sueño
moses moisés
müssen tenemos
könnte podría
lewis lewis
namen nombre
musst tienes
dinge cosas
woche semana
wallace wallace
hoffe espero
glaubst crees
manchmal veces
dachte pensé
cherry cherry
guten buenas
glück suerte
wochen semanas
wahrheit verdad
troja troya
moment momento
hatte tenía
freunde amigos
tommy tommy
maghan maghan
guten buenos
wissen saber
wirklich verdad
verstehe entiendo
natürlich claro
eltern padres
geschichte historia
benigno benigno
batman batman
sofia sofía
keiner nadie
hilfe ayuda
partner socio
gehen vamos
unten abajo
harry harry
william william
telefon teléfono
sprechen hablar
sekunden segundos
polizei policía
majestät majestad
jessica jessica
verdammt maldita
unser nuestro
scheiße mierda
macht poder
machst haces
kinder hijos
königin reina
freiheit libertad
einzige único
alicia alicia
renoir renoir
junge chico
carter carter
bigweld soldador
maximus máximo
machen hacer
himmel cielo
getan hecho
georgia georgia
bruce bruce
wiedersehen adiós
wagen coche
ricky ricky
party fiesta
liebe quiero
frank frank
feuer fuego
beste mejor
zwischen entre
wissen sabes
redest hablas
polizist policía
nancy nancy
nacht noches
brian brian
alice alice
abend noches
wayne wayne
verone verone
unsere nuestra
sammy sammy
murdoch murdoch
meter metros
genug bastante
bedeutet significa
zukunft futuro
sebastian sebastian
scotty scotty
pferde caballos
kommt viene
franks franks
vielleicht puede
verstehst entiendes
sieht parece
schwester hermana
schnell rápido
sagte dicho
helfen ayudar
hände manos
armee ejército
wissen sabemos
vielen muchas
stimmt verdad
schwert espada
schuld culpa
prinz príncipe
meinst quieres
mamadi mamadí
lydia lydia
leben vivir
kenne conozco
frage pregunta
wirklich veras
weihnachten navidad
vielleicht quizás
sollten deberíamos
schule escuela
schatz cariño
passiert pasado
niemals nunca
letzte última
katsumoto katsumoto
jemanden alguien
gefällt gusta
felix fèlix
erinnerungen recuerdos
diese estos
cäsar césar
wollen quieren
wohin adónde
wieder volver
sphäre esfera
sagtest dijiste
monterey monterey
miranda miranda
martin martin
lange cuánto
julie julie
glücklich feliz
genug suficiente
gefängnis cárcel
apollo apolo
warst estabas
teddy teddy
töten matar
rachel rachel
prinzessin princesa
pferd caballo
nummer número
kennst conoces
haben tienen
gestern anoche
doktor doctor
wollen quiere
wissen saben
wichtig importante
vorsicht cuidado
unfall accidente
strand playa
spiel juego
schlafen dormir
rumson rumson
ranch rancho
norman norman
morgan morgan
menelaos menelao
krankenhaus hospital
kommt vamos
kerfa kerfa
kamera cámara
elizabeth elizabeth
armstrong armstrong
zusammen juntos
wakhané wakhané
waffen armas
würde haría
virge virge
sollte debería
schwer difícil
rafael rafael
palast palacio
junge muchacho
hektor héctor
gesehen viste
gehen vámonos
europa europa
ernst serio
einzige única
brauchen necesitamos
aquarius acuario
anderen demás
verloren perdido
starb murió
sicher segura
rodney rodney
mädchen chicas
küche cocina
jungs muchachos
johnny johnny
jackie jackie
interessant interesante
gesagt dijiste
essen comer
dachte creía
brauchst necesitas
bereit listos
bereit listo
arbeiten trabajar
zurück volver
zimmer habitación
zimmer cuarto
wohin dónde
während mientras
vorsichtig cuidado
vorbei acabó
viele muchos
unsere nuestro
unmöglich imposible
schottland escocia
rodeo rodeo
preis precio
odyssee odisea
marco marco
lovell lovell
klappe cállate
jerry jerry
hilfe socorro
glauben creer
general general
gemacht hecho
fotos fotos
finden encontrar
feuerwehrmann bombero
fenster ventana
erinnerst recuerdas
engel ángel
edward edward
cowboy vaquero
chance oportunidad
ägypten egipto
watson watson
video cinta
unsere nuestros
teufel diablos
später después
soldaten soldados
sieben siete
schlüssel llaves
schatz cielo
peter peter
partner compañero
natürlich supuesto
musst debes
monate meses
mission misión
longshanks longshanks
konnte podía
körper cuerpo
james james
hunger hambre
helfen ayudarte
geschenk regalo
genau exactamente
geheimnis secreto
gefahr peligro
götter dioses
feind enemigo
essen comida
diamanten diamantes
denkst crees
commodus cómodo
chloe chloe
beach beach
anders diferente
anderen otros
worte palabras
willkommen bienvenidos
wiederhole repito
victor víctor
verdammt mierda
stimmt cierto
sorge preocupes
sogar hasta
smith smith
schlüssel llave
retten salvar
perfekt perfecto
obwohl aunque
monaten meses
mensch hombre
müssen debemos
links izquierda
lenny lenny
kontrolle control
kämpfen luchar
jungs chicos
herren caballeros
gestorben murió
freundin novia
damen damas
braucht necesita
brüder hermanos
benny benny
beamte oficiales
astronauten astronautas
ändern cambiar
aigren algren
achilleus aquiles
zuerst primero
willst quieras
washington washington
wartet espera
vorhänge cortinas
vogel pájaro
verstehen entender
unsere nuestras
tunnel túnel
trojaner troyanos
tiere animales
sullivan sullivan
stark fuerte
spricht habla
shahdov shahdov
sehen verte
scheint parece
samurai samurai
sagst dices
sachen cosas
respekt respeto
rechts derecha
probleme problemas
norden norte
möglich posible
mädels chicas
letzte anoche
leicht fácil
kommst vienes
kommen venga
kommen vamos
ihnen usted
hinter detrás
haben tiene
freundin amiga
fahrkarte boleto
erste primer
donnie donnie
computer computadora
buddy buddy
betrunken borracho
arbeit trabajar
winter invierno
willkommen bienvenida
weihnachtsmann santa
warten espere
warten esperar
vergessen olvidado
träume sueños
stadt pueblo
sparta esparta
solltest deberías
solange mientras
senat senado
schneller rápido
schiff barco
schicksal destino
schön bonito
sagen decirte
rupert rupert
plackerei opresión
ordnung acuerdo
omura omura
musik música
moment espera
minute minuto
mieke mieke
meinst crees
mörder asesino
machst estás
lange tiempo
kumpel amigo
kolumbien colombia
kaufen comprar
katherine katherine
können puedes
können pueden
können puede
jimmy jimmy
hoheit alteza
hoffentlich espero
hölle infierno
griechen griegos
gorilla gorila
george georgia
geister fantasmas
funktioniert funciona
françoise françoise
fliegen volar
fehler error
ersten primera
erklären explicar
entschuldigung disculpe
england inglaterra
detective detective
daffy lucas
bohnen alubias
bogenschützen arqueros
bücher libros
augenblick momento
überraschung sorpresa
zurück atrás
wunder milagro
wollen quieres
woher dónde
wissen saberlo
vorstand junta
trojaner troyano
still cállate
sprichst hablas
sklavin esclava
sklaven esclavos
sicher claro
sekunde segundo
sehen vemos
schläft duerme
sagen dicen
robert robert
richtig verdad
normal normal
niemandem nadie
niemals jamás
neuen nuevo
menschen gente
masse masas
lucius lucio
labor laboratorio
koffer maleta
kannte conocía
junge chaval
josua josué
hoffnung esperanza
handlung acción
haise haise
gordy gordy
gianni gianni
gefunden encontrado
geduld paciencia
freunden amigos
frankreich francia
fragen preguntas
fertig listo
fender fender
erste primera
erinnerst acuerdas
erinnere recuerdo
engländer ingleses
dollar dólares
deutschen alemanes
chase chase
brewer brewer
bombe bomba
bleib quédate
bibel biblia
betty betty
autos autos
antwort respuesta
wusstest sabías
wirklich serio
wieder nuevo
vertrauen confiar
verstanden entendido
verlieren perder
vergessen olvidar
verdammt maldición
unterschied diferencia
thron trono
spielregel regla
spanier español
sofort mismo
sklave esclavo
sinkend acercándose
sehen verlo
sehen veremos
schreiben escribir
schießt dispara
sartorius sartorius
sängerin cantante
restaurant restaurante
reise viaje
paris parís
meine decir
macht haciendo
lippen labios
lieber prefiero
letzte último
lernen aprender
ländereien tierras
lächerlich ridículo
kennen conocemos
isabelle isabelle
herren señores
helden héroes
heißt significa
händen manos
grund razón
graham graham
gordo gordo
genau justo
geist fantasma
freddo freddo
frances frances
fragst preguntas
fragen pregunta
frühstück desayuno
einfach fácil
draußen afuera
dasselbe mismo
craig craig
conner conner
caine caine
angst preocupes
amerika américa
alter viejo
albtraum pesadilla
willkommen bienvenido
weiter sigue
warten espera
waffe pistola
wünschte ojalá
vertrag contrato
vergiss olvídalo
trask trask
tanzen bailar
suchen buscar
sterne estrellas
sprich habla
sonntag domingo
sofort ahora
snaut snawt
skinny flaco
situation situación
shell shell
sephora séfora
senator senador
schwierig difícil
schiffe barcos
schönheit belleza
samurai samurais
reicht suficiente
reicht basta
ratchet ratchet
python pitón
priamos príamo
position posición
perry perry
paradies paraíso
niemanden nadie
nicholas nicholas
nathan nathan
natalie natalie
monné monné
maude maude
mattingly mattingly
marreco ingenuo
marquis marqués
mantel abrigo
madam senora
machen haces
macabee macabee
liste lista
linda linda
liebe querida
letzten último
lange mucho
ladegerät cargador
koumbi kumbí
kopie copia
killer asesino
katie katie
kassandra casandra
könntest podrías
könnte puede
jones jones
jaume jaume
hyatt hyatt
hotel hotel
himmel cielos
helfen ayudarme
heißt llama
heiße llamo
hätte hubiera
hätte habría
hamilton hamilton
glück felicidad
getan hiciste
geschwindigkeit velocidad
geschäft negocio
gerechtigkeit justicia
genie genio
generai general
gefährlich peligroso
geburtstag cumpleaños
garten jardín
fisch pescado
explosion explosión
erlöser libertador
entschuldigen disculpe
dunkelheit oscuridad
cowboys vaqueros
cousin primo
cabeleira cabellera
brauch necesito
besten mejores
beispiel ejemplo
atmen respirar
angeles ángeles
andere otros
amanda amanda
überleben sobrevivir
zuhause hogar
wolltest querías
whisky whisky
wenigstens menos
weißt recuerdas
warne advierto
wüste desierto
würde diría
vorher antes
viele mucha
viele demasiados
video video
verzeihung disculpe
versteh entiendo
verrückt locura
verheiratet casada
vereinigten estados
verdammt joder
umbringen matar
trinken beber
triaden triadas
teufel diablo
teufel demonios
teile piezas
tasche bolsillo
talley talley
swigert swigert
spielen jugar
spiegel espejo
spencer spencer
später luego
sorgen preocupado
soiitaire soiitaire
setzen siéntese
selbst mismo
sehen veamos
schwenk panorámica
schmerz dolor
schatten sombra
sagtest dicho
ruhig tranquilo
reden hablando
rauchen fumar
rücken espalda
prozent ciento
priester sacerdotes
präsident presidente
platten placas
perfekt perfecta
opfer víctima
nicht verdad
nervös nervioso
nachrichten noticias
motel motel
millionen millones
miami miami
merrill merrill
meisten mayoría
maske máscara
madam señora
möchtest quieres
möchte quisiera
liebling cariño
lieber querido
leonard leonard
leander leandro
landemodul módulo
klingt suena
klein pequeño
kennen conoce
karten cartas
kaplan kaplan
könnten podríamos
kananga kananga
kaisers emperador
jurieu jurieu
ideen ideas
hitzeschild coraza
heiraten casar
hebräer hebreo
hartigan hartigan
haben tienes
grace grace
gracchus graco
gnade clemencia
gibarjan guibarián
fiona fiona
findest crees
feinde enemigos
feiix feiix
fühle siento
essen cenar
erfahrung experiencia
einmal siquiera
einfach sencillo
cristina cristina
cherie cherie
charlie charlie
butch butch
birdy birdy
aurel aurelio
étienne étienne
arbeiten trabajando
anwalt abogado
annie annie
anfang principio
anderes diferente
alarm alarma
aeneas eneas
abendessen cenar
zwillinge gemelos
zunge lengua
ziemlich bastante
wohnung apartamento
wohin donde
waren éramos
volkes pueblo
vielleicht lgual
verzeihung perdone
verstanden correcto
verdammt caray
unschuldig inocente
tuttle tuttle
tucson tucson
tschüss adiós
töten matarte
talent talento
sunshine sunshine
suchen buscando
start lanzamiento
stand estaba
spule bobina
signal señal
selbst misma
sektion sección
segne bendiga
schwimmen nadar
schwarz negro
schlangen culebras
schlacht batalla
schickt envía
schön alegro
satch satch
samara samara
sagen decirle
regierung gobierno
redest hablando
reden hablemos
queens queens
projekt proyecto
phoenix phoenix
penang penang
pelagos pelagos
patroklos patroclo
oscar óscar
nygma nygma
neues nuevo
nervös nerviosa
natur naturaleza
monica mónica
mittwoch miércoles
mcbride mcbride
männern hombres
macht importa
machen hacemos
mühsal miseria
lustig gracioso
limbus limbo
liebt quiere
leute personas
leiche cuerpo
langer mucho
krank enfermo
kommt vengan
kommen venir
komisch gracia
kellnerin camarera
kaviar caviar
kalifornien california
jungfrau virgen
jungen chico
ihnen ellos
hunde perros
heisse llamo
harvey harvey
hören escucha
hören escúchame
hackbraten pastel
gruppe grupo
gotham gotham
gleiche mismo
glauben creen
gladiator gladiador
glücklich felices
giselle giselle
gesellschaft sociedad
gefillte guefilte
gebäude edificio
freundinnen amigas
freitag viernes
firma empresa
fertig terminado
fallschirme paracaídas
erste primero
erinnere acuerdo
erfinder inventor
entschuldige perdona
entscheidung decisión
eindringling intruso
dreizehn apolo
deutschland alemania
dachte pensaba
copperbottom hojalata
christine christine
casey casey
carson carson
candy candy
buscapé cohete
bullen policía
bring mataré
bringe llevaré
brandt brandt
brücke puente
bleibe quedo
beten rezar
besonderes especial
beschäftigt ocupado
beine piernas
balla balla
audrey audrey
arbeitet trabaja
antworten respuestas
angerufen llamó
anführer líder
ampere amperios
allein solos
albrecht albrecht
aames aames
zigarette cigarrillo
zeiten tiempos
wunderbar maravilloso
wollt queréis
wollen queremos
witzig gracioso
wirklich realmente
wilson wilson
willow willow
wette apuesto
werde volveré
weniger menos
warten esperando
walenski walenski
verstehe comprendo
verrat traición
verräter traidor
verheiratet casado
upgrades actualizaciones
unser nuestra
unserer nuestro
tschuldigung perdón
trauen confiar
theater teatro
taube paloma
töten mátalo
sturm tormenta
story historia
stolz orgulloso
stolz orgullo
stirbt muere
stört molesta
staaten unidos
square square
sorge preocupe
somoza somoza
sommer verano
soldat soldado
solaristik solarística
singen cantar
shelby shelby
setzen siéntate
schwach débil
schreber schreber
schon tranquila
schlampe perra
schlaf duerme
schiießen cráter
schätze supongo
schafe ovejas
sauber limpio
samstag sábado
sagten dijeron
runter abajo
roboterpresse desarmadero
rätsel acertijo
proximo próximo
prost salud
presse prensa
planeten planeta
pharaos faraón
person persona
pearce pearce
parasiten crustáceos
ordnung bueno
officer oficial
odysseus ulises
octave octave
notfall emergencia
nachts noches
nächste siguiente
nächsten próxima
nachricht mensaje
nachdem después
nachbarn vecinos
moment minuto
miststück perra
mills mills
menschen personas
mccabe mccabe
marceau marceau
madame señora
little jefecito
liegt depende
letzten últimos
lösung solución
lasst soltadme
lassen dejar
lager escondite
ladys señoritas
lügen mentiras
lügen mentira
krieger guerrero
krank enferma
kosten gastos
kommunist comunista
kommen vienen
komitee comité
komisch gracioso
kleine madrecita
klavier piano
kindern niños
ketten cadenas
katzen gatos
karat quiiates
kannst puedas
junger joven
jankis jankis
informationen información
ihnen ellas
idiot idiota
howard howard
heißt llamas
heben levante
hören escuche
hübsch guapa
gwendolyn gwendolyn
größe grandeza
grüsse saludo
gestorben muerto
geschenke regalos
geredet hablado
gerade acaba
george george
gemacht hiciste
gelesen leído
gefunden encontraron
gefallen favor
gefährtin compañera
göttin diosa
gangster gangster
gammell gammell
front frente
fragen preguntarte
fleisch carne
feuer incendio
fernsehen televisión
farmer granjeros
fahrzeug vehículo
entspann relájate
entschuldigung perdón
ellie ellie
eindringlinge intrusos
ehren señoría
dunkel oscuro
drink trago
draussen afuera
doris doris
dmitri dimitri
denkst piensas
denken pensar
dathan dathan
dadinho pequeño
cromwell cromwell
creek creek
cooper cooper
clasky clasky
christo christo
cenoura pelirojo
cecily cecily
bulle policía
brust pecho
brief carta
brauchen necesitan
boden suelo
bleibst quedas
billy billy
bezahlen pagar
berton berton
bernice bernice
bühne escenario
ausserdem además
außer excepto
athene atenea
ärztin doctora
aphrodite afrodita
amerikaner norteamericanos
amerika estados
agamemnon agamenón
öffnen abrir
achtung alerta
absolut absolutamente
