miért neden
tudom bilmiyorum
tudom biliyorum
talán belki
köszönöm teşekkürler
rendben tamam
sajnálom üzgünüm
istenem tanrım
david david
george george
gyerünk haydi
szeretlek seviyorum
köszönöm teşekkür
kérem lütfen
kérlek lütfen
tényleg gerçekten
hiszem sanırım
csinálsz yapıyorsun
stuart stuart
figyelj dinle
mindenki herkes
senki kimse
akkor zaman
menjünk gidelim
holnap yarın
asszonyom hanımefendi
tudod biliyor
frank frank
gyerünk gidelim
aztán sonra
mikor zaman
rendben pekala
stanley stanley
fehér beyaz
james james
remélem umarım
minden herşey
jimmy jimmy
reggelt günaydın
hello merhaba
persze elbette
reggel sabah
persze tabii
fontos önemli
darren darren
velem benimle
nagyszerû harika
ezért yüzden
kicsit biraz
rabbit tavşan
gyönyörû güzel
ember adamım
mennem gitmeliyim
haver ahbap
folyik oluyor
tudod biliyorsun
sarah sarah
jerry jerry
francba kahretsin
judith judith
elnézést afedersiniz
vagyok iyiyim
lehet belki
honnan nereden
hercegnõ prenses
hello selam
gyorsan çabuk
akarok istiyorum
találkozunk görüşürüz
szerintem bence
százados yüzbaşı
mondta söyledi
julie julie
igazán gerçekten
értem anlıyorum
murdoch murdoch
jesse jesse
jézusom tanrım
harry harry
hannah hannah
feleségem karım
dollár dolar
vicces komik
uraim baylar
tudod bilirsin
teddy teddy
jézus tanrım
igazad haklısın
doktor doktor
tökéletes mükemmel
semmi hiçbir
leonard leonard
hamarosan yakında
egyedül yalnız
drágám tatlım
bárcsak keşke
barátom arkadaşım
zsaru polis
mondd söyle
michael michael
láttam gördüm
látni görmek
helló merhaba
haver dostum
gyere haydi
francba lanet
fenébe kahretsin
esküszöm yemin
danny danny
csináld yapma
veled seninle
tábornok general
nekem benim
másodperc saniye
hölgyeim bayanlar
ötlet fikir
történik oluyor
remek harika
percet dakika
neked senin
morgan morgan
kendall kendall
kávét kahve
innen buradan
gyerekek çocuklar
tudom bilmem
richard richard
leszek olacağım
drágaszágom kıymetlim
boldog mutlu
azumi azumi
akarsz istiyorsun
viszlát görüşürüz
mueller mueller
millió milyon
mennem gitmem
köszönöm sağol
jeffrey jeffrey
igazi gerçek
gratulálok tebrikler
gondolsz düşünüyorsun
egész bütün
vilmer vilmer
vörös kırmızı
tudtam biliyordum
tudja biliyor
selena selena
sandy sandy
ricky ricky
probléma sorun
nyugodj sakin
mondtam dedim
margalo margalo
little little
hogyan nasıl
haver adamım
goldfarb goldfarb
estét akşamlar
enyém benim
carter carter
wayne wayne
viszlát hoşçakal
valóban gerçekten
szükségem ihtiyacım
larry larry
könnyû kolay
héten hafta
hülye aptal
dunbar dunbar
brian brian
értem anladım
érted demek
vigyázz dikkat
tiszta temiz
segíts yardım
pillanat dakika
nicholas nicholas
lehet olabilir
legalább azından
jules jules
hallottam duydum
gregor gregor
ennyi hepsi
emlékszem hatırlamıyorum
elnök başkan
beszélni konuşmak
virginia virginia
upham upham
travis travis
természetesen elbette
szívem tatlım
sofia sofia
snowbell snowbell
sally saiiy
pillanat saniye
mirõl bahsediyorsun
kicsim bebeğim
jövök geliyorum
isabel lsabel
hiszem sanmıyorum
figyeljen dinle
bassza lanet
õrmester çavuş
édesem tatlım
vincent vincent
victor victor
veszélyes tehlikeli
vagyok değilim
sammy sammy
rendben misin
professzor profesör
néhány birkaç
mondtam söyledim
merrill merrill
megyünk gidiyoruz
joshua joshua
hallgass dinle
hölgyem bayan
gyere buraya
diego diego
derek derek
azonnal hemen
érzem hissediyorum
érdekes ilginç
úristen tanrım
alice alice
várjon bekle
vagyok buradayım
tudni bilmek
történt oluyor
szerelmére aşkına
segíteni yardım
pontosan kesinlikle
olyan kadar
nyugi sakin
nyolc sekiz
nézel görünüyorsun
mondtál dedin
menni gitmek
megyek gidiyorum
marion marion
lowrey lowrey
lenni olmak
késõbb sonra
julian julian
igazat gerçeği
harlan harlan
ginkaku ginkaku
emlékszel hatırlıyor
eloise eloise
csinál yapıyorsun
charles charles
értem anlamıyorum
akarom istiyorum
végül sonunda
uramisten tanrım
uraim beyler
thorin thorin
történet hikaye
szerencsét şanslar
parker parker
orvos doktor
nyisd gözlerini
natalie natalie
mozgás gidelim
mintha sanki
mindent herşeyi
mills mills
meglepetés sürpriz
maszk maske
maguire maguire
kamal kamal
jones jones
hardy hardy
hallottad duydun
emlékszem hatırlıyorum
emberek insanlar
bajod neyin
atyám peder
voltál neredeydin
világos tamam
világ dünya
vagyunk geldik
tudja bilirsin
táskát çantayı
személyes kişisel
srácok beyler
sólymi şahin
remek güzel
reese reese
nyugalom sakin
másik diğer
lenny lenny
lehetetlen imkansız
kulcs anahtar
komoly ciddi
kicsim tatlım
jelent demek
hiányozni özleyeceğim
geronimo geronimo
fekete siyah
emlékszel hatırladın
elnézést üzgünüm
elment gitti
egyszerû basit
clarissa clarissa
charlie charlie
bobby bobby
anyám annem
akarom istemiyorum
éjszakát geceler
zsaruk polisler
ugyan haydi
tudtam bilmiyordum
tudom bilemiyorum
tudja bilirsiniz
törpék cüceler
szükséged ihtiyacın
smith smith
skinner skinner
senkinek kimseye
semmit hiçbir
sajnálom üzüldüm
rendben yolunda
rendõrség polis
osborne osborne
orlov orlov
nunez nunez
napot günler
nachi nachi
mennünk gitmeliyiz
lányom kızım
korán erken
köszi teşekkürler
kérdezhetek sorabilir
kérdésem sorum
jesminder jesminder
jelly jelly
jeannie jeannie
istenem allahım
helló selam
gyilkos katil
gyerek çocuk
gandalf gandalf
fegyvert silahı
dolgozom çalışıyorum
bomba bomba
bilbó bilbo
barillo barillo
barátod arkadaşın
banda cetesi
bajod sorunun
asszonyom bayan
értem istediğim
érdekel umurumda
akkor öyleyse
wyatt wyatt
warren warren
vigyázz dikkatli
velünk bizimle
velük onlarla
válasz cevap
valaki birisi
tudom biiiyorum
tizedes onbaşı
tette yaptı
tettem yaptım
természetesen tabii
tehetem yapamam
társam ortağım
találtál buldun
szerinted sence
szeret seviyor
szeretem seviyorum
szenátor senatör
susan susan
senor senyor
semmit hiçbirşey
sangster sangster
prendergast prendergast
paddy patti
nagyon gerçekten
mozdulj kıpırdama
mondja söyle
mondd anlat
megöllek öldüreceğim
martin martin
múlva içinde
magadra kendine
lányok kızlar
lélegezz nefes
kutya köpek
katona asker
honnan nerden
gondolod düşünüyorsun
gazdag zengin
fogsz yapacaksın
fõnök patron
elnézést pardon
csináltam yaptım
cheddar cheddar
boldogság mutluluk
alicia alicia
aggódj endişelenme
william william
waingro waingro
vasárnap pazar
tommy tommy
tehetek yapabilirim
történt olduğunu
tûnik görünüyor
találkozni tanışmak
szállj arabaya
szóval pekala
szükségünk ihtiyacımız
srácok çocuklar
siess acele
shell shell
semmi hiçbirşey
seggfej pislik
segítség yardım
segítek edeyim
reiben reiben
pohár bardak
pénzem param
nyugi rahatla
nyisd kapıyı
nessa nessa
ndugu ndugu
nézek görünüyorum
napja gündür
nagara nagara
mozgás kımıldayın
mondani söylemek
mirtha mirtha
milyen hangi
megértetted anladın
megölted öldürdün
maria maria
marcus marcus
lydia lydia
laura laura
láttad gördün
látod gördün
lássuk bakalım
lassíts yavaşla
lóvét göster
kulcsokat anahtarları
komolyan ciddiyim
kocsiba arabaya
kibaszott lanet
következõ sonraki
következõ sıradaki
készen hazır
johnny johnny
james jessejames
jackson jackson
ipkiss ipkiss
indulás gidelim
hideg soğuk
helen helen
halottak değiliz
hallani duymak
halló merhaba
gyilkosság cinayet
gondolom sanırım
ginger ginger
gianni gianni
gammell gammell
furcsa garip
franc oluyor
felesége karısı
felügyelõ müfettiş
férjem kocam
férfi erkek
fáradt yorgunum
fantasztikus harika
félek korkuyorum
elmegyek gidiyorum
eddie eddie
drágám canım
dorothy dorothy
dolgozik çalışıyor
discount discount
diamond diamond
dalloway dalloway
csinálta yaptı
csinálod yapıyorsun
castro castro
bocsánat üzgünüm
biztos eminim
beteg hasta
beszélj konuş
benny benny
örülök tanıştığımıza
örülök sevindim
amerikai amerikan
allen allen
alexie alexie
ágyba yatağa
óvatosan dikkatli
óvatosan dikkat
visszajövök döneceğim
világ dünyanın
város şehir
vannak neredeler
vannak buradalar
vagyok olduğumu
végre sonunda
tudod bilmiyorsun
tudja bilir
tovább devam
tolvaj hırsız
természetesen kesinlikle
tenkai tenkai
tõlem benden
szerintem sanırım
szegény zavallı
szépen teşekkür
synapse synapse
sincs fikrim
senki hiçkimse
semmi sorun
samantha samantha
rebecca rebecca
puszit öpücük
pofád çeneni
persze tabiki
parti parti
parcher parcher
nyakkendõ kravat
narancssárga turuncu
nagyszerû güzel
mondtad söyledin
mondd söyleme
mondanom söylemem
miller miller
miért niçin
melyik hangisi
megyek geliyorum
megvan aldım
megértem anlıyorum
mûvelsz yapıyorsun
matthew matthew
maradok kalacağım
malcolm malcolm
láttam görmedim
látok göremiyorum
lassan yavaş
kulcsot anahtarları
kormány hükümet
konyha mutfak
komolyan ciddi
kokain kokain
kivel kiminle
kitty kitty
karol coral
kínai çinli
kölyök evlat
kórházba hastaneye
jelent anlama
jövök dönerim
jöttem geldim
jössz geliyor
ismerem tanıyorum
hozzám dokunma
hiszem inanamıyorum
hibám hatam
helyes güzel
hazudik yalan
hófehérke pamuk
hülye salak
hülyeség aptalca
gyors hızlı
gyanúsított şüpheli
guido guido
gondoltam düşünüyordum
gondolod sence
gilly giiiy
gillian giiiian
franciakulcs kerpeten
fenébe lanet
estét merhaba
esposa esposa
emily emily
ember insan
dulli dulli
csinál yapıyor
csinálok yaptığımı
croft croft
connor connor
chelinski chelinski
bigelow bigelow
betsy betsy
bátyám kardeşim
bartolomeo bartolomeo
baromság saçmalık
baromság palavra
békén rahat
érted anladın
éreztem hissettim
érdekel umrumda
apáca rahibe
amerikai amerikalı
aludni uyuyamıyorum
életemben boyunca
akkor halde
aames aames
óvatos dikkatli
