aldri nunca
gjøre hacer
fordi porque
liker gusta
alltid siempre
freddie freddie
snakke hablar
ingen nadie
drepe matar
penger dinero
verden mundo
morgen mañana
harold harold
gjort hecho
minutter minutos
paris paris
moren madre
snill favor
early early
beklager siento
marcus marcus
ganger veces
håper espero
visste sabía
kanskje quizá
frodo frodo
faren padre
bedre mejor
kveld noche
harry harry
ville quería
trenger necesito
venner amigos
helene helena
giles giles
første primera
sammen juntos
moses moisés
beste mejor
først primero
bobby bobby
pengene dinero
lenge tiempo
kvinne mujer
hodet cabeza
steve steve
luther luther
sikker seguro
hjelpe ayudar
frida frida
troja troya
peter peter
lykkelig feliz
trodde pensé
kunne podría
jobben trabajo
sekunder segundos
forstår entiendo
eddie eddie
boucher boucher
skolen escuela
michael michael
lennie lennie
familien familia
etter después
elsker quiero
ringen anillo
jorden tierra
husker recuerdo
husker recuerdas
hadde tenía
franks franks
eneste único
trenger necesitas
trenger necesitamos
tommy tommy
snakker hablando
måneder meses
kjeft cállate
jente chica
drept matado
diego diego
polly polly
miranda miranda
jerry jerry
carrie carrie
adele adele
timer horas
mellom entre
lenge cuánto
jackie jackie
interessant interesante
hjelp ayuda
brian brian
unnskyld siento
terrance terrance
reuben reuben
prekrim precrimen
murdoch murdoch
katsumoto katsumoto
hernandez hernández
hendene manos
gjøre hacerlo
eneste única
døren puerta
anderton anderton
vanskelig difícil
spise comer
prins príncipe
menelaos menelao
krigen guerra
kjenner conozco
føler siento
california california
betyr significa
venstre izquierda
tilbake volver
synge cantar
siden desde
rachel rachel
nummer número
monterey monterey
marvin marvin
mamma madre
igjen nuevo
herre señor
gutter chicos
gandalv gandalf
forsiktig cuidado
felix fèlix
engang siquiera
andre otros
viktig importante
siste última
pistolen pistola
klart claro
karen karen
kanskje quizás
harris harris
selvsagt claro
samme mismo
redde salvar
phillip phillip
norman norman
mener decir
london londres
lille pequeño
kunne podía
kjøkkenet cocina
japan japón
idiot idiota
første primer
chloe chloe
broren hermano
ville habría
tenkte pensé
taylor taylor
smerte dolor
middag cenar
meter metros
mange muchos
khaled khaled
keiseren emperador
jenta chica
hvorfor porque
husker acuerdas
hjerte corazón
herrer caballeros
heller tampoco
forstår entiendes
familie familia
egypt egipto
diamantene diamantes
alice alice
agatha agatha
venter esperando
spørsmål pregunta
selvfølgelig claro
sannheten verdad
resten resto
problem problema
prekognitive precogs
mener quieres
lykke suerte
kommer viene
kjære querida
james james
hunden perro
hektor héctor
høyre derecha
gjorde hiciste
filmen pelicula
bilen coche
algren algren
akilles aquiles
velkommen bienvenido
trodde creía
tenker pensando
svart negro
spørsmål preguntas
skatten tesoro
siste último
senere luego
saddam saddam
rommet cuarto
problemet problema
perfekt perfecto
offiserer oficiales
morsomt gracioso
minutt minuto
kvinner mujeres
jenter chicas
gates gates
emily emily
doris doris
charlie charlie
cartman cartman
bønner alubias
agent agente
witwer witwer
vinduet ventana
vanngutten waterboy
unnskyld disculpa
uavhengighetserklæringen independencia
snart pronto
skjer pasando
mannen hombre
lngen nadie
kvinnen mujer
klein klein
kaptein capitan
heter nombre
heter llama
elsker encanta
drepte mataste
dracula drácula
danse bailar
burde deberías
øyeblikk momento
annerledes diferente
visste sabías
ville querías
unnskyld perdón
tiden tiempo
tenkte pensando
telefonen teléfono
stille silencio
sikkert seguro
prate hablar
politiet policía
omura omura
morges mañana
mistet perdí
millioner millones
maxie maxie
massene masas
mange muchas
lively lively
laura laura
klarer puedo
kjenner conoces
kanskje puede
jupiter júpiter
jentene chicas
hvorfor porqué
husker acuerdo
hadde había
frank frank
flott genial
fengsel cárcel
dolly dolly
djevelen diablo
døden muerte
canada canada
butabi butabi
brown brown
andre otras
aldri jamás
unger niños
trener entrenador
tokyo tokio
tilgi perdóname
tenke pensar
sparta esparta
skjedde pasado
sanger cantante
roxbury roxbury
puste respirar
problemer problemas
prince prince
politimann policía
opptatt ocupado
neste próxima
nærmer acercándose
mener serio
masken máscara
langt lejos
josva josué
hjertet corazón
framtiden futuro
finne encontrar
festen fiesta
feffer feffer
farvel adiós
damer damas
beklager disculpa
barna niños
alonzo alonzo
aidri nunca
zarthas zartha
wendy wendy
virker parece
vente esperar
unnskyld disculpe
tyskerne alemanes
trenger necesita
tjene ganar
tilbake atrás
sterk fuerte
spesiell especial
soiitaire soiitaire
snakker hablas
slave esclavo
slags clase
sjanse oportunidad
serleena serleena
sarah sarah
roland roland
roger roger
resistance resistance
partner compañero
palasset palacio
navnet nombre
musikken música
lover prometo
kveld noches
kortet tarjeta
komme venir
kjære cariño
kenny kenny
jobber trabajando
hyatt hyatt
helvete carajo
graham graham
gorillaen gorila
glemme olvidar
gjorde hecho
george george
frances frances
fortelle contar
feiix feiix
doktor doctor
david david
damer señoras
charlotte charlotte
burde debería
vunnet ganado
vondt duele
virkelig verdad
vicki vicki
velkommen bienvenida
usynlig invisible
trodde pensaba
trist triste
tredje tercera
toronto toronto
systemet sistema
synes parece
sverd espada
sulten hambre
stjele robar
stakkars pobre
spille jugar
skulle debería
skjønner entiendo
sippora séfora
respekt respeto
nøklene llaves
mulig posible
morder asesino
mennesker personas
mennesker gente
mange cuántas
lamar lamar
kvelden noche
klitorisen clitoris
kjøpe comprar
kaptein capitán
kananga kananga
jobbe trabajar
hjelpe ayudarte
hjørnet esquina
historie historia
herrer señores
henderson henderson
hender manos
heldig suerte
hører escucha
grieco grieco
greit bueno
greit acuerdo
gjerne gustaría
gjentar repito
fortjener merece
fisher fisher
første primero
farlig peligroso
dress traje
drapet asesinato
delia delia
brødre hermanos
boitano boitano
blind ciego
betale pagar
bekymret preocupado
atene atenea
armen brazo
vennene amigos
våpen armas
vanngutt waterboy
vakker bella
touchdown touchdown
tilbake regresa
tenkte pensaba
synes crees
sykehuset hospital
suzie susie
sterke fuertes
stemmer verdad
skoene zapatos
skjedd pasado
skjebne destino
skjønnhet belleza
sikker segura
senere tarde
satan satan
søndag domingo
samurai samurai
ryggen espalda
runde round
rembrandten rembrandt
ranchen rancho
priamos príamo
pokker mierda
pokker diablos
pistol pistola
parker parker
nathan nathan
nøkkelen clave
nødvendig necesario
midnatt medianoche
mente quise
mente quería
maude maude
likte gustaba
lettere fácil
leland leland
kunne pudiera
kroppen cuerpo
kontoret oficina
klare listos
kjære querido
kassandra casandra
kameraet cámara
kallen kallen
jannik jannik
hyggelig gusto
hjernen cerebro
hemmelighet secreto
heisen ascensor
grunn razón
grekerne griegos
gratis gratis
goblin duende
general general
frokost desayuno
frokost desayunar
frihet libertad
frelseren libertador
forretninger negocios
ferdig terminado
fantastisk increíble
føler sientes
enheter unidades
eneas eneas
ekteskap matrimonio
eksempel ejemplo
danny danny
burde deberíamos
billy billy
bestemor abuela
beach beach
antar supongo
alarm alerta
whiskey whisky
walter walter
walenski walenski
ventet esperando
velsigne bendiga
velkommen bienvenidos
vedder apuesto
vallencourt vallencourt
våkne despierta
vakker hermosa
utskyting lanzamiento
utrolig increíble
universitetet universidad
tusen muchas
tiger tigre
taket techo
sverdet espada
sunshine sunshine
stund tiempo
snakk habla
skatt tesoro
sjansen oportunidad
sheila sheila
selvsagt supuesto
sønner hijos
sandy sandy
rivera rivera
riley riley
rettferdighet justicia
prøver intento
politi policía
person persona
pedro pedro
ordren orden
natalia natalia
musikk música
mennene hombres
mener hablando
marks marks
mannen marido
mange mange
louisiana louisiana
kropp cuerpo
kjøpte compré
interessert interesa
hussein hussein
husarrest castigado
hjelp ayúdame
historien historia
helvete mierda
helvete infierno
hector héctor
høres suena
gudene dioses
gravid embarazada
garrison garrison
funnet encontrado
fremmede extraños
fredag viernes
fortsette seguir
fortell cuéntame
forstår comprendo
forskjell diferencia
fornærmede víctima
foreldre padres
forandre cambiar
fleste mayoría
ferie vacaciones
felle trampa
farao faraón
dronningen reina
dollar dólares
disse estos
disse estas
diamanter diamantes
datan dathan
cougars cougars
brann incendio
birdy birdy
bildene fotos
bilbo bilbo
beinet pierna
begynnelsen principio
øyeblikk minuto
avtale trato
arbeid trabajo
ønske ojalá
andre demás
alene solos
william william
washington washington
virkelig realmente
veikommen bienvenido
våpnene armas
utrolig creer
utenfor afuera
universet universo
tucson tucson
treet árbol
tredje tercer
tanaka tanaka
sukker azúcar
straks inmediato
stolt orgulloso
stole confiar
støtte apoyo
større grande
stalin stalin
speilet espejo
spørre preguntarte
skrive escribir
skjebnen destino
servitør camarera
senere después
samuraiene samurais
richard richard
reddet salvado
raskt rápido
rådet consejo
presidenten presidente
pokker maldita
planet planeta
pelagos pelagos
parsons parsons
overraskelse sorpresa
overalt partes
oscar óscar
osato osato
nyheter noticias
nummeret número
neste siguiente
munti merry
morsomt gracia
mordor mordor
mistet perdido
mistet perdió
miste perder
miiiioner millones
merkelig extraño
maten comida
mange cuántos
lykkelige felices
lumpur lumpur
lukter huele
liten pequeño
liker encanta
leona leona
legen doctor
lørdag sábado
kveid noche
kompis amigo
knappen botón
kjedelig aburrido
kjæresten novia
karat quiiates
kanskje lgual
johnny johnny
jobber trabaja
jenter niñas
jenten chica
japansk japonés
ingen ningún
igjen favor
idioter idiotas
howard howard
hjelp auxilio
heter llamas
herrer cabaiieros
henrettelsen ejecucion
hawaii hawai
hørte oíste
hamilton hamilton
hadde tenían
gwendolyn gwendolyn
gutter muchachos
gratulerer felicidades
glemt olvidado
gjerne encantaría
gjennom través
gjøre hacemos
gammel viejo
gamle viejo
fungerer funciona
fremtiden futuro
franklin franklin
fotball football
fortsett sigue
fortiden pasado
finnes existe
filmen película
fiende enemigo
europa europa
ellie ellie
eieren dueño
dronning reina
dritt mierda
drikke beber
dressen traje
dreper mataré
drepe matarme
drømmer sueños
creek creek
chicago chicago
champagne champán
cecily cecily
butikken tienda
brevene cartas
besøk visita
begynne empezar
beaulieu beaulieu
audrey audrey
afrika sudáfrica
